Chapter 12 - 18,631 and North of Dragonswood
	I find everyone in the lounge. It doesn't take long because the sound of television carries against the hard floors and stone walls. It seems I'm the last person out of bed.
	"You didn't tell me this place had TV." Mirae says with mock scolding and amusement in her voice.
	"Yeah." I said, "It's a paid upgrade that lets you view content that's available on public networks, and streaming websites."
	Frobod shushes us as the screen cuts to an anchorwoman in a black blouse sitting behind a news desk. In the top right corner of the screen is the new logo for Freehaven Online.
	"So far, six individuals are confirmed dead after family members manually attempted to remove Freehaven game hardware from their bodies. We implore you not to remove any of the game's equipment from a person who is signed in, as it may result in death or brain damage. As we continue to get updates on Archangel and Freehaven Online, we now know that as many as 18,631 individuals worldwide may have been trapped in the popular virtual reality game."
	Frobod's eyes are glued to the screen, but Tako, Laurelade, and I exchange troubled looks. I also make eye contact with Mirae, but she's less concerned than everyone else. I think, "Does she want to die?" and then consider that so long as someone's taking care of her body, she's probably happy for the excuse to stay here. I, for one, don't have that luxury, but at least I know no one will be trying to remove my visor.
	"If one of your friends or family is currently logged in, we urge you to call the number at the bottom of your screen and report them. Locations are being set up for emergency support, and trained professionals will be sent for their care and/or transport to medical facilities."
	"That's a lot of people." I say.
	"No shit..." Laurelade says.
	"At least they're on top of this." I say. "I'd hate to find out they just started rallying support when people were dying."
	"People are dying." Laurelade says.
	I say, "I meant from starvation or dehydration, but yeah... that might have been what kicked their butts into gear."
	The newscaster says, "A hacking organization known as Archangel is taking credit. Authorities are following leads to uncover the identities of its members...Next up, trouble in the White House as the President.."
	Frobod clicks the remote, and the holographic TV vanishes. He says, "They're not making any progress. It's been the same all morning."
	Tako says, "18,631...." his voice is more serious than normal.
	"I agree, it's a lot." I say, "...but at the same time not that much. That's less than a quarter of the people that'd fit inside a stadium."
	"I guess..." Tako says.
	"We're all still here, and that's what matters. We're alive, and with all the news coverage, we're likely to stay that way." I pause, taking in everyone's sullen expressions, and add "I'll bet they have people and AIs calling every phone number associated with your account to give warning."
	"I just..." Laurelade says, "I can't even. This is supposed to be fun. Not a struggle against real world death."
	"It still is fun." Mirae says. "All that's changed, that we know of, is that we can't sign out."
	"She's right." I say. "... and in any case there's nothing we can do here to change anything."
	"You're wrong." Frobod says.
	"Huh?" Mirae asks.
	"Melpomine's wrong." Frobod says, "There is something we can do from here."
	"What's that?" Laurelade says with a quiver in her voice. It's hard to believe she's the same arrogant gnome we recruited to farm the Windroost. That quiver paired with the way she tucks her hands into her sleeves, and holds her arms close to her body, tells me she's taking this the hardest.
	"Archangel said there are quests to be discovered," he pauses for dramatic effect, and then gestures toward the front of the castle, "Out there, to re-enable the logout function. We can either stay here and wait for people in the real world to find a solution, or we can go out there," He motions again. "and find our own."
	Laurelade sighs, but speaks no words.
	I nod and say, "I couldn't have said it better myself." Tako nods along with me.
	"There's another option." Mirae said. "Archangel also said that we can stay here permanently, via digitization."
	"Fuck you for even thinking that." Frobod says.
	My skin grows cold, I don't like the harsh language coming out of his mouth. It puts a bad stain, on Mr. Frobod's nice guy demeanor. Mirae's eyes widen as if afraid of being attacked.
	In a less confident voice she says, "It's an option."
	"It's an option" Frobod says, "An option that leaves all your friends, and your whole family alone forever, without even a chance to say goodbye."
	"To be honest," Mirae says, "My friends are all already here."
	"Then your family." Frobod says, "Don't be so fucking selfish."
	Something about the word "selfish" pushes Mirae's lips into a thin tight line. It's an argument I don't want to be caught up in, because I can see both sides. Having lost my brother, I know first hand what it's like to grieve for a family member, on the other... whose being more selfish? Mirae for wanting to take on a digital existence leaving the physical world behind, or her family keeping her trapped in a broken body, when there might be an option where her mind can thrive. I mean... it's not really death if the person's consciousness survives, is it?
	"I.. uh.." I break in, not knowing how to de-escalate. "Yeah, well we don't even know if that's possible. I've never heard of someone's mind being uploaded into a game before."
	"The idea and technology's been around for ages, but it hasn't been released to the public." Mirae says. "Trust me, I know."
	I think, "She would."
	Mirae continues, "Everything Archangel's said has been true so far, so I have no reason to doubt him. Just look at the news. It shouldn't be possible to kill someone by removing a visor, or whatever device you use to connect, but already six people have died. That's gotta tell you something."
	Laurelade shifts uncomfortably, "I'm not quite ready to give upon the real world."
	"I think we all aren't." Tako says.
	Frobod says, "None of us should be."
	Mirae has a flustered look on her face as everyone gangs up on her. She says, "I'm just saying that it's possible. It's all possible, and thus digitization is an option."
	"Only if you don't give a shit about everyone around you." Frobod mutters.
	"Peace..." I say raising placating hands to both of them. "Let's just worry about the quest now. Frobod's right. Finding a logout quest is an option, and until those digitization stations start popping up, the only one we can pursue."
	"Fine." Frobod says as if annoyed that there's even a need for peace.
	I say, "I only sort of know the way."
	"I know how to get there." Frobod says.
	"Me too." says Mirae.
	"Then I'll follow you."
	Outside we discover a beautiful day filled with the scents of clean air, and flowers from the overgrown garden. I wonder how long it'll take Alfred to reign in. We all stand at the foot of the drawbridge as if waiting for something to happen. On one side there are peaks of yellows, reds, and impossible blues all tangled in wild snarls of green. On the other we have grey stone, against the earthen tones of training; combat dummies in burlap sacks. I imagine how it'll all look once restored. The atmosphere is... too nice, with so much possibility. How can we worry about death and virtual imprisonment, on a day where the very air smells of life and freedom?
	"INFERNO!!!" I wave my middle finger in the air. The fire Elechopper pops into existence with its satisfying monster purr. I ask, "Everyone else want a bike?" but the question's rhetorical because I've got my VT in hand and am already summoning. The bikes still feel like a symbol of our guild so long as we're the only ones that have them, and now more than ever, our guild will serve as a surrogate family until we're back in the real world. For that reason, it feels good to see everyone claiming their ride without asking which is theirs. Each person straddles the same bike they took to our first guild dungeon.
	It seems I'm the only one that's shaky on directions, because instead of Mirae or Frobod, Tako takes point and lifts off. We fly in a triangular formation like racked up pool balls at the start of a game with our bikes sprinkling harmless bits of their elements on the ground beneath us. There's scarcely a time you can feel more alive, than when you're moving at six hundred and fifty percent running speed with whips of wind hammering your face.
	Mirae's all smiles, and I can tell that we have this in common. In another life, before the dawn of virtual reality, she and I'd have made kick ass race car drivers in the physical world. I can't see Tako's face, because he's in front of me, but the gnome is gloomy, blas
 and impervious to the excitement caused by our means of travel.
	"You excited?" I say, using party chat, so the others can hear. I'm looking at Frobod, and he looks like a hero in his black plate, and greatsword strapped to his back. I want to put him on a movie poster.
	"Yeah." He says, in a lighter tone than he used at the keep. "It's good to be finally doing something."
	"That's what I like to hear." The outline of Dragonswood Keep looms on the horizon, and I find myself thankful for our flying mounts. We're all focused on getting to the next stage of our quest, and don't want to deal with killing pointless mobs in transit. I ask, "Do you think there will be other adventurers?"
	Frobod shrugs, and begins his descent behind Tako with the others. He says, "It says PvP and PvE, so who knows?"
	Our Elechoppers touch down on the dirt road, we're about fifty yards from the entrance and Zarentu's guards.
	"Hold up." I say. Tako stops, and looks over his shoulder. The others are looking at me as well. "With all the weird stuff happening after the update, I think we should behave."
	"What do you mean?" Tako says.
	"Just... Treat the Havenfolk like they're real people. They're acting different from before."
	"You mean like role-play n' shit?" Tako asks.
	"I..." I pause, at a momentary loss for words given that I in fact used to be a hardcore role player. "I don't think you need to do accents and all that. Just, treat people like you would in the real world. If someone looks important in Dragonswood Keep, treat them with the respect that you would treat a real person in a position of power."
	Tako rolls his eyes. I'd expected Laurelade to chime in with some comment to the effect of 'They're just NPCs" but she's still off her game, so she shrugs and says "Whatever."
	"I'm serious. I was talking to Alfred this morning, and he thinks there's a chance that we could get kicked off this quest if we misbehave. Dragons are proud, don't scratch their egos, and that kind of thing."
	"Never heard of getting thrown off a quest, for not role playing." Tako says.
	"I know." I say, "But now things are different."
	He says, "Can't argue with that."
	"Just... Don't be savages. Okay? I don't want to lose this quest."
	Tako bows deep, in an impression of Alfred from Cupcake Keep. "Yes, master. Don't lose the quest master."
	I give him a flat look. "You know what I mean."
	We approach the gate on our bikes looking like a handful of actors yanked off the set of Lord of the Rings, and making their way back to town for some grub. The Dragonswood guards, both named NPCs, Lyle and Archibald, move to intercept us, crossing wicked halberds in the road like a bladed parking gate. Archibald has bushy blonde eyebrows, and a walrus moustache more robust than Jardis back at the Smiling Otter. It's a common enough style amongst Havenfolk that I find myself picking up on subtle differences in facial hairstyles. Both guards have egg-shaped helmets that conceal the tops of their heads.
	"Halt!" Archibald says, with a comically pompous note in his voice. "State your business."
	Mirae says, "We're here for the tournament. Sir."
	"Are you dragons?" He asks, giving us skeptical looks from under his conical helm.
	"No?" I say, the word sounding more like a question than I'd intended.
	"We're not." Mirae says, in voice more confident than my own.
	"Invitations?" He says.
	We all fish them out of our inventories, and hold them out for him to receive. He takes Mirae's first, and unrolls it murmuring "Yes... yes... I see... Indeed." as he reads. It must be an act for God knows what reason, given the sheer number of these he must see.
	Lyle is eyeing our bikes, as if wondering what planet they came from. He's a wiry man with a round head and a clean shaven face. As Archibald finishes with Mirae's scroll, Lyle whispers "Their steeds sir." Though the tone of his voice makes it sound as though he'd asked "That's a steed?"
	Archibald waves him off, and says "Yes, yes.. I know. Everything is in order here."
	Lyle whines something that sounds like, "Alien magics."
	"But of course! These are seasoned adventurers. Of course they have treasures from far off lands. How else would they have invitations?"
	Does he protest too much?
	"I assure you," I say, "Our mounts are harmless. You're companion's right. They're from a far off land."
	Archibald says, "No one here's afraid of your ... your... mounta-wha-cha-dood-it."
	"They're called Elechoppers." I pause trying to think of a way to explain them to a high fantasy character. "Metal carts powered by elemental spirits."
	"I know that." Archibald snaps, and then turns to the uneasy looking Lyle. "They're just ele-chood-its."
	"Elechoppers." I say.
	"Yes, Elechoppers. Please come in."
	"Thank you." I say, and offer a bow. The guards take the rest of our invitations, and step out of our way.
	Tako gives me a look, "What happened to meekness?"
	"I didn't say to be meek, just polite, and he was saying the name all wrong."
	Laurelade speaks with a floaty dreaminess in her voice, "They really are changing. NPCs I mean. I've never seen one react to a mount."
	I sigh. "Yeah, It's a whole new world."
	The courtyard beyond the gate is decorated for a festival. Merchants sell wedges of watermelon, and burly smiths show off portable racks covered in shields and arms. Somewhere ahead a minstrel plays a jaunty tune, and I see Havenfolk dancing, arm in arm with colored ribbons in their hair.
	"Where do we go?" I ask.
	Frobod points the opposite direction of the dancers. "Over there." There's a bright red and white banner with images of combatants sparring with shield and sword. I appreciate the way the game finds ways to convey meaning without the use of written or spoken language.
	"Registration?" I ask.
	Frobod says, "Looks like it."
	We head over, and see a guy with pallid skin, uneven teeth, and a long, lumpy, pepper shaped nose. He says, "Name?" He has the voice of boredom.
	We respond, "Melpomine."
	"Frobod."
	"Mirae."
	"Tako."
	Then, in a quieter voice I hear "Laurelade." coming from the gnome.
	The man, Yrvril by his name plate, says "Event?" while staring down at a stack of papers.
	We, Toxic Muffins, give each other sidelong looks, having not yet seen a list of competitions.
	"Event?" Yrvril, repeats, in his nasal voice.
	I say, "What event's are there to choose from?"
	"The melee sets teams of five against one another in brackets until there's ultimately one winner. There's also archery, offensive magic, defensive magic, single combat, and the joust. Each invitation entitles you to join one solo event, and the melee. Winners take home a sack of gold, and may ask a favor of the keep."
	"We're all good for the melee." I say. "...and I'll take single combat."
	"Write your names." Yrvril says in a voice that suggests that doing his job is an annoyance, pushing two papers across the table.
	"I'll do the joust." Frobod says.
	"Offensive magic." Laurelade says.
	Tako says, "Single combat."
	Mirae says, "Archery."
	Although we'd already worked out a plan ahead of time, part of me expected Mirae to try defensive magic, since she's our healer. Yrvril doesn't say anymore words for a time, but rather pushes the sign up sheet to each of us, before going back to reading his scroll.
	"Looks like we might face off." I say to Tako, grinning. "No hard feelings when I kick your butt."
	"You wish." He says, good humor in his voice.
	With all of our names signed, Yrvril looks up and says, "Wait for the horn. The order of events is the Joust, Archery, Single Combat, Offensive Magic, Defensive Magic and then the Melee. You may all visit the keep's healers before each event to see that you are in good health, no augmentation spells are permitted except those which you cast yourself."
	I ask, "Augmentation spells?"
	"Buffs," Yrvril says, as if hating the word. "as you adventurers call them."
	"Ah..." I say, and make a point to go through Jordan's spell list to find those dexterity and vitality buffs that I've become so acquainted with.
	Yrvril says, "None of you will be killed while competing in the tourney, but you can be injured." For the first time he smiles. "With some of the spells I've seen over the years, you may find yourself wishing for death."
	As soon as he says it, a buff appears in the top right hand corner of my vision.
Champion
Cannot be reduced to zero health.
Duration:
Until the end of Lord Zarentu's tournament.
Only active on the grounds of Dragonswood Keep.
	We're all at full health, so we forego searching for the healers, but we do take the opportunity to scope out the grounds. My stomach growls. It surprises me so much that I stop walking. The rest of the group moves a few paces before realizing I'm lagging behind.
	"Dude..." I say. "My stomach's growling."
	Everyone else stops, and looks back to me.
	"I didn't notice before," Mirae says, "But now that you mention it I'm hungry too."
	Tako says, "Damn... Now I'm feeling it."
	"We better eat something." Frobod says. "If this game's really all about the realism now, I don't want to fight on an empty stomach."
	Laurelade says, "There's probably an inn."
	"Ugh! But the flavor. How much tasteless crap am I going to have to consume to feel full?"
	"I hate you." Mirae says, having been reminded of the shortcomings of Haven cuisine.
	"This is gonna suck." Tako says.
	Frobod says, "First lets find out how long we have until the first contest. I don't want to miss it. Then we'll find out where to eat."
	The rumble in my stomach makes eating seem like the higher priority, but I can't fault Frobod's logic. He's first in the joust, and I know I'd kick myself if I missed the chance to compete on account of stuffing my face if I were in his position. I see a human girl with bright red hair and a green dress, the contrast between the two colors reminds me of a Christmas tree.
	I try to snag her attention.
	"Excuse me, Miss?" Her name's Ava, according to her name plate. We're a few paces away and she points her finger at her chest as if to say "Who me?" when I address her. I give her a nod, which makes her light up with a smile as she approaches.
	"So nice to be talking to a Champion." She looks to Frobod and then to Tako, "...or dare I say a lot of them? How may I help you?"
	"I .. uhh.. errr..." The sudden celebrity treatment catches me off guard; the Champion buff having unintended consequences. "Thank you. We were just wondering how much time we have before the joust starts, and the other events after that."
	"The joust? Ye got some time. It's not for another couple of hours, and some minutes. After the joust, each events starts on the hour after that."
	"Thanks." I say, "Can you tell us where the contests take place?"
	"Oh." Ava says, "It's just over yonder." She waves her hand. "Ye can't miss it with all the banners. Just a couple minutes walk from here."
	"Thank you... Ava." I say, she doesn't seem to notice that I know her name without her having told me.
	She curtsies and says, "Glad to help."
	Tako says, "Where can we get some food? We're starving."
	Ava says, "Well, the feast won't be 'till after tourney, so if you're wanting some food before then you'll have to fend for yourself."
	"There's no inn?" Frobod asks.
	"I guess ye could go down into the village, but this keep is all Lord Zarentu's property. We don't have kitchens open to the public."
	"I see." Frobod says, his voice sounding stoic.
	"I've got a few recipes if we can get the ingredients. In fact," Mirae checks her VT, "I just need the meat. I can cook hares, hens, boar and pheasants."
	Ava says, "Ye should be able to find the birds and rabbits in the woods outside here. Normally, I'd suggest going to the kitchen, but I hear they're swamped preparing for the feast this evening."
	"Thanks..." I say. "We'll do that. You've helped a lot."
	Ava curtsies again, "Always glad to be of service to Champions like yourselves."
	I look to the others. "Looks like we're going hunting. Think you can manage?"
	Mirae says, "I think we'll manage."
	Frobod says, "Should be easy game."
