Chapter 13 - Tastes Like Butt Crack
	Archibald says, "Enjoy your ride on your Elechopits!" as we head back out the gate.
	I mutter "Elechopper," but I don't think he hears me. In any case, we don't mount up because our destination is the forest which is within line of sight of the keep. It's lush and wonderful in a way that city folk like me rarely get to experience in the real world. It's a sad fact given that I live a half day's trip from the Olympic National Rainforest.
	Once upon a time, gamers let real life experiences pass them by as they stared at computer monitors and TV screens for hours at the time. It now strikes me as funny that online gaming now opens people up to quasi-physical experiences that they might not have otherwise had.
	We're moving along a dirt path that's wide enough for three of us to walk side by side. It winds its way through green trees that smell like damp earth and fallen leaves. It makes me feel calm and alert. I hear scattered birdsong and critters rustling above us.
	A few minutes into the wood I stop and motion to our left where vegetation is so sparse that we don't have to worry about a lot of bushes in the understory hampering our way. Mirae and Tako both string longbows, whereas Laurelade readies her new wand from the Windroost. Frobod and I are basically guards in case monsters attack, he has his greatsword, and Bite's ready for business should we encounter anything more dangerous than our would be meal.
	I say, "Let's go."
	"We'll run ahead." Mirae says, and looks to Tako.
	"Yeah, your loud asses will scare off all the animals before we can shoot."
	Each cracking twig underfoot, and the clunking of Frobod's armor, makes me realize that Tako's right. It's amazing how much noisier we, well... not necessarily humans, but intelligent races are than our natural environment. Common prey is dumber than in the real world, so we're still likely to find something. If hunting in Haven is anything like Freeworld, there are higher difficulty creatures with bonus rewards for those who want a more authentic hunting experience. We won't see them today because Laurelade, Frobod and I are loud as fuck.
	A wooden thawp-thunk sounds. As Tako loses an arrow and hits a tree instead of an animal. Mirae's weapon makes a similar thwap sound, but it's followed by the screams of a dying creature.
Mirae has killed Common Dragonswood Rabbit.
	Thwap squeeaaaal.
TakoStar has killed Common Dragonswood Rabbit.
	Thank you guildies, we now have brunch.
	In the party chat Mirae says, "We've got two units of rabbit meat, but it's not enough for everyone. Let's keep looking."
	When Laurelade says, "I'll get some birds," I realize that I haven't been hearing her little footsteps. I look down and discover that she's hovering a foot and a half off the ground. I give her an inquisitive look, and a ghost of the haughty gamer from our first dungeon enters her gaze as she says "Float. Immunity to fall damage." The look disappears after she speaks.
	Mirae and Tako are now so far ahead that I can barely see them. Everything darkens, like mice in the shadow of an eagle. Thunder cracks. For a moment, we're blinded, and ozone fills the air. It would've been nice to have some warning. I hear pillowed thump-thumps after thump-crashing branches-thumps, all around like an uncanny rain. A charred black body drops inches from where I stand so I cover my head, and dash from beneath the tree.
Laurelade has killed Dragonswood Pheasant.
Laurelade has killed Dragonswood Pheasant.
Laurelade has killed Dragonswood Pheasant.
Laurelade has killed Dragonswood Pheasant
	The announcement repeats some fifteen times. It's surreal. Charred avian bodies fall from the canopy like smoking bits of meteor. I bend down to check out one of the cracker stiff carcasses; it smells of burnt flesh and singed feathers.
	"Overkill." Frobod says.
	Laurelade checks the loot too, and says, "I didn't get any useable meat."
	"Ya think?" I respond.
	Frobod says, "Something's burning."
	We look up. Waves of black smoke puff from the canopy, and small yellow and red flames wink between branches.
	I say, "Don't burn down the whole forest! Quick! Use some water magic."
	Laurelade waves her wand in an intricate pattern and sends a blast of liquid from its tip to the high branches.
	I begin twirling Bite around me in preparation for casting the Freeworld martial arts version of the spell. Elemental power rises within as my staff spins fast, blurring into electric blue streaks of motion. I slam the end of it into the ground, and a torrent of water, as if from a waterfall crashes down from somewhere above my target. It doesn't last long, but it's enough to make the tree and all of our boots wet. Now each step makes a sucking squoosh sound, and there's thick mud underfoot.
	Tako says in party chat, "What's going on over there?"
	Frobod says, "Gnome tried to burn down the forest."
	Tako says, "Noob."
	"Do you need us?" Mirae asks.
	"We're good." I respond.
	The gnome sulks. "I usually have more control than that."
	Frobod says, "Probably not the best idea to go hunting with fire and lightning. If anything use force bolts to preserve the meat."
TakoStar has killed Dragonswood Pheasant.
	I say, "At least they're having luck."
Mirae has killed Common Dragonswood Rabbit.
	"We've almost got enough." Mirae says over party chat. "You all should head back to the path and meet us outside the forest. Get a cook fire going so I can prepare the food when we're done."
	"We're on it." I respond, feeling useless in the forest. I look to Frobod and Laurelade, and say, "Lets gather wood and head back."
	 Finding stuff to burn isn't hard. There are plenty of fallen branches, and dead leaves to serve as kindling. All three of us exit with arms full of dead wood. It occurs to me that not a one of us thought to stick it all into inventory. Something about being logged in for so long makes me forget about in-game conveniences like a magic bag that can hold a near endless number of items. We're starting to treat this place like the real world.
	Outside Dragonswood, with the keep within line of sight Frobod makes a makeshift fire pit by digging a hole in the ground with a low level shield from his inventory, and placing a circle of stones around the perimeter. Once he's done, I make a teepee out of the kindling and about half the larger pieces we brought back.
	"You want to light it?" I say to Laurelade, feeling confident that she's got a fire spell in her repertoire.
	"Alright." She says, and flicks her wand at the fire pit.
Laurelade casts Cinderburst. Critical hit! Cook fire takes 16 points of damage.
	My carefully constructed tee-pee explodes in a shower of burning parts. I narrowly dodge a hunk of fiery debris soaring right for my head by rolling to my side and pushing grass into my face. Thank God for quick reflexes.
	"Really?" I say, feeling annoyed. "You thought a spell that could kill some monsters twice over was appropriate to start our fire?"
	She says, "Sorry, I forgot to down rank. I used the maximum for my level."
	"Why don't you just use Ignite? Tiny flame, the size of a lighter. In fact, it's probably best not to use anything with 'burst' in the title." Frobod gets up and gives our vicinity a once over, to make sure nothing else is burning. I call to him, "Grass okay?" He gives me a metal plated thumbs up.
	Switching to party chat so I don't have to shout, I say "While you're up, do you mind getting some more wood?" Frobod doesn't say anything, but he gives me a double thumbs up before marching back into the forest.
	Tako chimes in over party chat, "We're almost done. What happened?"
	I say, using a little kids voice, "Campfire got all blowed up."
	Tako laughs, and says "Noobs."
	I drop out of party chat and give Laurelade my attention.
	Laurelade sighs and says, "My head's all stupid today. I'm not usually like this."
	"I get it." I say. "This whole situation is messed up. I don't blame you for being stressed."
	"Yeah." She says.
	"I'm sorry I snapped at you. Just... try to be more focused."
	"I'm used to doing everything at full damage. Outside of dungeons, quests, or whatever, I never cast spells. I'm not used to using them for mundane things like starting a simple fire."
	"Well," I say. "No time to learn like the present. We're gonna be here a while, so I get the feeling that you'll be using magic for more than just killing monsters." While we talk, I build a new tee-pee with the last of our wood. "You want to try again, or do you want me to do it? I have Freeworld magic."
	She says, "I'll do it." in a voice that suggests she's got something to prove.
	I place the last of the wood in the fire pit, and say "Have at it."
	This time, instead of casting a spell which, by definition, causes an explosion of fire the gnome extends her small hand, which ignites in a glow of flame.
Laurelade casts Burning Palm.
	It's not the spell I anticipated, but it's much better than what she used before. She presses her hand to the side of my construction until it's set ablaze. "Much better." I say, and give her a small encouraging smile. "You might want to go over you spell list in case they ask for precision over brute force in the magic contest."
	She gives me a begrudging "Yeah," unpleased to be taking advice from someone she considers to be inferior on the Haven side of the game. I don't blame her, she is more experienced when it comes to Haven magic.
	A few minutes later I see Frobod heading out of the forest with Tako and Mirae in tow. They must have bumped into each other while he was gathering. His arms are filled with dead twigs and branches, but neither of them seem to be carrying anything. They must not have forgotten about their inventory like we did.
	When the trio is within earshot, I say "What do ya got for us?"
	Mirae says, "Four units of rabbit meat and two pheasants." She plops down beside us, and digs through her magic backpack for her cooking supplies. Before long, she's got a makeshift grill, and a copper pan warming over the fire. She asks, "Who wants a bird?"
	"Doesn't matter." Frobod says. "It all tastes the same anyway."
	I ask, "If it all tastes like nothing, why did you bother with cooking?"
	Mirae says, "At higher levels you get buffs that last an hour or two. I'm not that advanced yet."
	"Bummer." I say, "But I'm glad you have the skill."
	Mirae decides to start with the rabbit, by putting a hunk of it in the copper pan with a pouch of herbs. She takes out her VT, taps at the interface, and the Rabbit magically transforms from raw meat, into a fine smelling meal. Like in Freeworld, whenever you collect animal meat in your inventory, the game automatically removes the skin, bones, and all the organs. In the case of fowl, all the feathers disappear.
	She passes it to Frobod, "You can have it since your competing first."
	"Thanks" he says, removing his gloves so he can eat with his fingers.
	"How's it taste?" I ask.
	"Like a mouth full of air."
	While Mirae goes about preparing the rest of the meals Tako pokes a hole through an extra piece of rabbit with his dagger, and then skewers it with a stick. He holds it under the grill, directly in the fire as if scorching a marshmallow.
	"What are you doing?" I ask.
	"Just messing around. Maybe it'll give me the cooking skill."
	It doesn't take long for Mirae to prepare the rest of the rabbit and two pheasants, since they're ready at the touch of a button. I feel full, and my stomach stops growling, but I find myself sorely wishing the game would taste as good as it smells. If we're stuck in here forever... I don't even want to think about it. I don't know how to live without good food.
	 Tako pulls his stick out of the fire to reveal a hunk of blackened meat that's actually burning. I didn't even know that could happen. He holds it in front of his face, as if looking for something on the surface. Not finding whatever he's looking for he gives up, and blows the flame out causing a puff of white smoke. He eyes it, again, giving it a chance to cool down before stuffing the charred bit in his mouth.
	His eyes widen, and then pinch shut. His face contorts as if someone stuck a turd under his nose, until he gags, and spits the rabbit into the dirt.
	"Looks delicious." I say.
	Tako doesn't respond, instead raising his water skin to his lips. He gulps huge amounts of liquid. By now, all of us are staring.
	"What's up with you?" Mirae says.
	Gasping for air, as he hadn't taken a breath in the entire time it took him to drain his skin. "Tastes..." He gasps... "Tastes...." Gasp. "Like butt crack."
	"Huh?" Frobod says.
	Tako laughs. "It tastes like butt crack!" The rest of us exchange confused looks. "It tastes..." he puts a heavy enthuses on the second word. "Like butt crack!"
	"What do you mean?" Laurelade says.
	"Exactly what I said! It's fucking horrible! You should try it!"
	Mirae picks up on the implications before any of us do, and asks "Do you have any more meat?"
	Tako says "Yeah.." and hands her a partial portion.
	She repeats the steps he took to prepare it, save that she takes the rabbit off the flame before it looks like a lump of char coal.
	"You're not going to believe this." Mirae says. "It has flavor."
