Chapter 15 - Eight Whole Chickens
	We've got some time before the next event, so we hit the tents that have been set up for the festival. Laurelade slips off to do Laurelade things, which leaves me, Mirae, Tako, and Frobod. I'm wearing the Rose Ring of the Champion because... Why not?
	"So what was all that about?" I ask, referring to the ring on my head.
	"There's a performance before the feast, where all the winners dance." Frobod says.
	"That explains the stats." I say.
	"The wreath has stats?" Frobod asks.
	"Nothing super. Just a bump to charisma and appearance, two levels of dancing, and a temporary rep bonus."
	"Still..." Frobod says, "It's more than I thought."
	"I want to cook some more food." Tako says.
	I ask, "Do you know how?"
	"Eh..." Tako says, "Not really unless they've added Microwaves."
	"Didn't think so." I say.
	"Hey! I could be a chef! You never know!" Tako says.
	"You just said that you weren't." I say.
	"Yeah, but I could be!" Tako says, "Don't judge a book by its cover, girl, not cool." He speaks with such intensity that I could believe he's serious, but then his lips break into a smile and he says. "I'm just fucking with ya. I wouldn't trust me with your food either."
	I say, "Maybe we should recruit one... A real world chef I mean. From what I've seen from your experiment, cooking the hare manually instead of using the cooking skill in the UI made it taste about like you'd expect under the circumstances. Maybe cooking like we do in the real world will result in real tasting food."
	"Like char broiled butt crack." Tako says.
	"Something like that." Mirae says. "Actually, I think I know a guy."
	"Oh?" I say.
	"Yeah, he's like me. One of the people I recruited. He said he was a professional chef a few years ago."
	Frobod asks, "Why did he stop?"
	Mirae says, "That's personal."
	Frobod says, "Whatever."
	I decide to shift the conversation away from Mirae and this other person's incapacitated status. "Can you send him a message?"
	Mirae, looking down at her VT, says "Already on it. His in game name is Pehrom by the way. He's one of the triplets" I raise and inquisitive eyebrow, and she clarifies. "You'll understand when you meet them. Three goblin characters that are almost identical."
	"A goblin chef." Tako says, "That's dangerous."
	Mirae says, "I don't even think he has the in-game cooking skill. Something about the lack of taste being an affront to his training."
	"Sounds like a chef to me." Frobod says. I snicker.
	"Oh, good." Mirae says. "He says they've been farming the Windroost, but after this run he'll head over to HQ and see what he can do."
	I say, "Tell him to tell Alfred that I said it's okay to raid the kitchen."
	"Dude." Tako says, "If this works out, our guild will be famous."
	Mirae's talk of the Windroost makes me wonder about our guild's progress on the Dragonsbane quest. While we five are over here working on one objective, it's easy to forget that we have a massive number of dragons to kill.
Limited Edition - Guild Quest
Dragonsbane - Part 1
Difficulty: Variable
An extra-planer dragon has torn a rip in the wall between two worlds. Investigate the disturbance and bolster your dragon slaying prowess so you can destroy the foul beast and prevent further damage to the land.
Objectives:
Discover the Identity of the extra-planer dragon that caused the rip between worlds. 						0/1
Slay 50,000 dragons or dragon kin.		3,673/50,000
Rewards:
Title: 			Dragonslayer
Reputation: 	10,000 Reputation in All Playable Factions
Access to specialized gear and enchantments from Havenfolk merchants
	"Nice!" I say, "Check out the Dragonsbane quest." They all poke around in their VTs. "Looks like the new guys are making some progress."
	Mirae says, "Most of the people I recruited have been farming. There are a lot of little dragons in that dungeon."
	"What we need is a dragon raid." Frobod says, "An epic battle with all kinds of opponents."
	"We might have enough people for a small one." Tako says. "But we should get over a hundred guild members for the kind of battle you're talking about."
	"For now," Mirae says. "I think the Windroost is enough."
	We're coming around a bend in the maze of Havenfolk vendors and tents when I see a collection of four guards standing around Sleeve's tent. The bookie's nowhere to be found, but the red "Closed for bets" sign is still in place.
	I say, "I'm going to go see about my winnings."
	Frobod says, "I'll join ya."
	Mirae says, "We'll be around, or at the arena since I'm in the next competition." She looks to Tako, "Let's go."
	As I approach, one of the guards, in the same plate and conical helms as Lyle and Archibald, says "Closed for bets. There won't be any more betting here this tourney."
	I say, "I'm not making a bet." and fish my receipt from my inventory. "I'm here to collect my winnings."
	The guard says, "Let me see that." and takes the paper from me. "Four thousand gold. That's some nice profit."
	Frobod says, "I have a bet too, but it's not ready to collect yet. Where's Sleeve?"
	"For that, you'll need to go to the keep proper, and speak with Lord Zarentu. We've been given instructions to send you his direction. Do you need an escort?"
	I say, "I think a mark on our maps will do fine, thank you."
	"Very well then." We both hand over our maps, and he speaks while making a red mark that magically appears with a touch of his finger. "You'll find the Lord over here. He'll be expecting you."
	"Thank you." I say, and look to Frobod. "Shall we go?"
	"You're most welcome, Lady Lord Melpomine, and might I say you're as lovely as a half elven lass ever was."
	"Err... Thanks." I say, not sure what to make of the compliment. I'm not a soc, so I identify more as a warrior. The guard beams in spite of my awkward response. It motivates me to break extra heads in the arena.
	We walk over a draw bridge, which is much like my own, and find a castle with abundant natural lighting, and bobbing white mage lights in crannies where the sun can't shine. Banners hang from the rafters in Zarentu's gold and white house colors. There are numerous tapestries on the wall depicting great battles, and great dragons. One in particular features a valiant white drake coiled around a woman in elven form. I wonder if the creature is Zarentu, and if so, whether the woman is a dragon. Who is she?
	We find Zarentu eating by himself at the head of a long banquet table in his dining hall, though two silent bodyguards are stationed in the corner. They're so still, and so quiet that they seem more like furniture than sentient beings. I count six whole chickens, and two decimated carcasses on ceramic plates. All for him. My God, dragons eat a lot.
	He says, "Lord Frobod, Lord Melpomine. Good of you to join me." He doesn't stand, in fact, he sucks juicy meat off a chicken bone in between his statements. "I've good news. Lord Frobod was correct in his accusations of the human Sleeve. My guards caught him, and his ogres hastily loading up a cart upon apprehension. So long as you can produce receipts for your bets that correlate with his ledger we shall consider the matter settled, and Lord Frobod will be granted another boon."
	I say, "Thank you, m'lord." We fish our receipts out from our inventories. He sucks chicken juice off his fingers, and motions one of the stoic, leather clad body guards from the corner to retrieve the documents. Given all the finger sucking, the lord of Dragonswood Keep is a lot more informal than I'd imagined.
	Zarentu looks the papers over on the table beside his plate without actually touching them, and nods. "We'll have these sums drawn from the coffers, as soon as you're ready."
	"What'll happen to Sleeve?" I ask.
	"That depends entirely on how much gold he has in those trunks." Zarentu says. "If it's enough to cover his bets, he'll be looking at a few months in the stockade. If he overextended himself, he'll be given to indentured servitude until he pays what he owes." Zarentu pauses, as he shuffles his current plate to his left, and brings a fresh whole roasted chicken in front of him. "I've been quite rude. May I offer some refreshment? A hen? A honey ham?"
	"We appreciate the offer," Frobod says, "But we've already eaten."
	The dragon shrugs, as if it's of no consequence to him. "At some point I'd like to discuss your marvelous mounts. Wherever did you get them?"
	Frobod and I exchange meaningful looks. I hesitate, spinning a mental tale of a land far, far away, but then stop and settle on the truth. He's going to find out some day, and I'd rather not be caught lying by omission when he does. "You're familiar with the Rip of Worlds, yes?"
	"I am." Zarentu says, his voice becoming dangerous. "What about it?"
	I say, "The Elechoppers are from the other side."
	"So you've crossed over." He says.
	"You could say that. I've spent more time over there than Frobod has."
	Zarentu says, "What do you know about the cause?"
	"Not much." I say, honestly, at least from the perspective of a person living in Freehaven, and not a dev. "There's a dragon from another world causing it, but it doesn't come from Freeworld."
	"Freeworld?" Zarentu asks.
	I say, "That's what they call the place on the other side of the rip, and the people who live there are the Freefolk."
	"What makes you so sure?" the dragon asks.
	I say, "Freeworld doesn't have dragons, or at least, not like you do here. There are people who can transform into hybrid creatures, a bit like Nothgoran, but there are no large dragons on par with mounts, much less the size of a castle."
	Outside, a horn blows.
	Frobod says, "Sounds like Archery's starting."
	Zarentu corrects, "Nothgoran is a black drake, that assumes a semi-human form. He is not human. As for the contest, we have a few minutes. "
	"Ah, right." I say, thinking I've needled his draconic pride. "I just mean that Freeworld has people who can change into animals, and hybrid human shapes."
	"Weres?" Zarentu asks.
	"Eh...Kind of..." I say, "That's what a lot of people call them, but they aren't like the weres here."
	"How so?" The dragon asks.
	Frobod says, "It's not a disease."
	"Yeah," I say, "...and they still have their minds when they transform. Most have a short temper, but they're not mindless killing machines like the ones here. They're born, with a few exceptions, and even have their own cultures."
	He polishes off another chicken, before reaching for the next. Amazing. I hadn't noticed him eating, or at least not enough to account for the consumption of an entire bird. It must be a dragon talent.
	Lord Zarentu says, "This is all very interesting, but alas we are short on time. Lord Melpomine, after the games, I'd like to speak with you more about this Freeworld and its marvels. I don't know if what is already torn can be mended, but either way, I want to face this new world with knowledge. Right now, you two are the only source of that knowledge I have."
	I say, "Some other adventurers may have information, but I agree. I'm likely the closest thing Haven has right now to a scholar."
	Zarentu stops chewing for a moment and narrows his eyes. His voice taking on the dangerous tone it had upon first mentioning the Rip of Worlds. "It would be most unfortunate to learn that any of my champions played a role in causing it."
	"We haven't." I'm quick to add. "We don't want to see Haven destroyed anymore than you do, and we're investigating the cause."
	"If this is true, you have nothing to fear, and I welcome you on my lands." Zarentu says, "Let us hope that it is so. If you'll excuse me, I'd like to quickly finish, and proceed to the arena." He motions with his hand, and the same bodyguard as before returns our gambling receipts. "Present these to my clerk and you'll be paid."
