Chapter 17 - Eye on the Prize
	We're given a chance to rest and recover which I'm thankful for. Though I've been at full health since the healers mended me, four back to back combats before a enormous crowd are mentally draining. I don't feel it as much when we're running dungeons because it's not only me fighting. Having other party members to help carry the load gives me a boost of mental stamina, it's a social experience compared to one on one against people I don't know and it's just me.
	We're all waiting in the Champion's tent, which Lord Zarentu has allowed us to procure until the next event owing to that we now have two contest winners, with bonus rep circlets for Dragonswood Keep. I've just refreshed my buffs when Frobod finally saunters in with a sack of gold clinking in his fist.
	He sings "It's my birthday."
	I say, "Really?"
	He says, "No, but I just got paid."
	I say, "Glad to see you're in a better mood. This morning at the joust it was all. 'I'm here to win.'" I imitate his deep voice.
	He says, "Yeah well, I already won that, and more than half our group has placed top three in their respective events. We're gonna crush it in the group battle."
	Tako bumps fists with him, and says "Word."
	He looks to me and says, "Thanks for the bonus rep head gear, if we win the big melee, maybe he'll offer the log out button."
	No one says anything to that, and I'm thinking it's not likely. I mean, what are the odds that the first quest we get after the hotfix (Did we even get this quest before the hotfix?) will be the one to take us offline? I remember the hopeless feeling so many felt after Archangel's announcement, and I've gotta believe it'll be a lot harder to accomplish than spending the day fighting in a pit.
	He says, "I've got a little girl to get back to."
	Mirae, Tako, and I, exchange meaningful looks, it's just enough to say that we've all had the same thoughts, but not a one of us has the heart to break it to him. The cheer in Frobod's voice is the best I've heard since Archangel's announcement, but you'd think, for him, getting out is a foregone conclusion.
	Laurelade says, "I want to get out too. I don't have kids, but you know... Stuff to do. It's time to get the hell out of here."
	Frobod says, "Right. That's why we've got to own this competition. We've got a few minutes, so lets talk strategy."
	I say, "I think basic dungeon strat, should be fine. With more than one opponent, Bite will taunt. With Mirae on heals, we should be good. She can even DPS with her bow until Flow Like Water wears off."
	Mirae asks, "What if we're fighting players? Taunt won't work."
	Tako says, "If it's a mixed team like Pay-nes Kill and some NPC mobs, kill the player first. Otherwise, take out heals and casters first. I can garrote. Blocks casting for 10 seconds."
	I say, "I think I have that one too, but haven't used it.
	Tako says, "There you go. Don't give em' a chance to cast. If they can't be taunted, Mel you and Laurelade should be on crowd control."
	I say, "I've only got like 4000 manna in my current gear. I could get a lot more if I use Marine's stuff, but It'll come at the cost of a lot of dexterity and stam. Black Ice and Move Like Ice both take 500."
	Frobod says, "I like you better as a tank. Especially with NPCs around."
	Mirae says, "I've got a manna regen spell."
	Tako says, "Save it for yourself. Good heals are more important than CC at this point, especially when it'll only give Mel a few casts."
	I say, "If all else fails, I've still got knockdown maneuvers that aren't magic."
	Laurelade says, "We can also try kiting."
	Frobod says, "Think you can do that?"
	I say, "Give me a few hits with Bite to grab em' and I should be able to work something out. I get enhanced movement speed while wearing cloth or leather armor."
	Tako says, "Tank, you call it. You're the one that'll be close to them. If you think you can kite, I'll use arrows."
	Frobod says, "I've got spells for attacking at range. They're not as good as my sword, but they'll be easier to use if you're constantly running."
	"Alright..." I say, "My gut says we'll be fighting mostly NPCs, and I won't know what to do until the battle starts. No matter what happens, I'll Shadow Step and draw their attention. Give me at least three hits before you start attacking. Mirae go in with your bow, so they don't know right away that you're our healer."
	Frobod says, "Got it."
	Laurelade says, "And then?"
	I say, "I'll make the call. If I shout 'Form A' it's tank and spank. Tako and Frobod, go melee. If I say 'Form B' I'll run to the wall, and start circling clockwise around the arena. Everyone ranged while they chase me. Mirae and Laurelade, don't be shy if you peel off me. I need to know so I can taunt."
	Laurelade says, "What about PvP?"
	I say, "Healer first, but if it's not obvious, or they don't have one, focus fire. Attack who I'm attacking with Bite, and try to CC the rest."
	"We've got this." Frobod says. "Birthday cake here I come."
	I feel bad because it reminds me of his daughter, the others probably assume it's a continuation of his 'It's my birthday' joke.
	Laurelade says, "For marzipan."
	"For burritos." from Tako.
	Mirae and I exchange looks, and say nothing. Frobod says, "C'mon guys, what are you going to eat as soon as we get out of here?"
	"... for pizza?" I say in a half-hearted voice.
	Mirae's slow on the response, but she bursts with "... for lychees!" in a voice filled with forced enthusiasm.
	I'm imagining her trapped in bed, propped up on a couple of pillows, with a VR visor, and a nasogastric tube hanging out of her nose and dripping gruel down her throat. Hell, before long, that could be an image of all of us, the main difference being that if we get out, we can go back to our burritos, marzipan, and birthday cake, but for Mirae, she's got about as much a chance of chowing down on a bowl of lychees as I have of casting Thunder Bridge in the real world.
	Tako says, "What, are you Asian? I've never even seen a lychee outside of Asia."
	I say, "I'm surprised that you know what a lychee is."
	Tako says, in a voice filled with mock indignation, "I know things!"
	A horn sounds outside, and I say "That's our cue."
	Laurelade says, "Should we go out?"
	I say, "Wait for Aztram. He'll call us."
	It doesn't take long, the old wizard pokes his head in and says, "You're first."
	Everyone moves for the door, but I linger, and touch Mirae's arm. She looks back to me, our eyes meet. When the last of the Toxic Muffins exit, I pull the elf into a deep hug. Her hair smells of sun, natural perfume, and all the nameless spring blossoms she'll never get to experience outside of a power chair. Seconds pass, before I feel her small elf-girl hands touch my back.
	We release, and I look on her, she's about a head and a half shorter than me.
	"Thanks?" She says.
	I say, "Sorry, that conversation just made me feel closer to you."
	She shrugs, as if it were no bother. "You think I haven't heard people talk about food, or going to the park, having front row seats to whatever show, or taking vacations before?"
	"Well...No, but..."
	She says, "Mel, I appreciate it, but I've been at this a long time. I've got thick skin."
	"I didn't mean..."
	"I know you didn't," She says, "...and that's why I'm not mad at you. Just... lighten up a bit, okay? Have fun."
	"Alright..." I say, "Let's win this and claim some badass loot." as Aztram pokes his head in the tent again.
	He says, "Lord Melpomine, Lord Mirae, you're needed."
	"Sorry. Sorry." I say, "Just some last minute discussion."
	Mirae says, "Lets." as we duck out the tent door.
