Chapter 19 - Rewards
	I revive to the sound of Havenfolk chatter, a pointy nosed, Auburn haired woman with light freckles in a green robe looms over me. The golden glow of Dragonswood Keep healing infuses me.
	"Welcome back to the living, Lady Lord Melpomine, but as your healer I must say that was a stupid thing to do. You could've been Grand Champion, and for what?" She sighs, with an expression that suggests that she'll never understand warriors.
	My health's now at thirty percent and slowly ticking upward. The initial impaling pain's gone, but I feel awful sore around the wound. I'll feel this way until I'm topped off again, thankfully, Lord Zarentu's healers are good at what they do. I'm at sixty percent by the time I help myself up, and brush all the grit from my clothing.
	Eighty percent, I'm now standing. Frobod says, "I am so sorry, I didn't know you were just..."
	"Oh shut up..." I say, "You know you wanted to."
	He says, "No, I didn't, but... thank you. If this works, I'll be in your debt forever."
	"Yeah yeah..." I say, "I'm the patron saint of broken log out buttons."
	Lord Zarentu stands and says, "Well, that was unexpected." Brime must have cast the spell to amp his voice while I was knocked out. "Lord Frobod of the Toxic Muffins. I name you Grand Champion of Dragonswood, and now for your reward." Frobod stands a little straighter, and I catch my breath. "Boons will be awarded to Champions at the feast, but for our Grand Champion, there's one gift that I'll bestowed now."
	The gate beside the Champion's section of the stand swings open, on the side of the stables. In walks a muscular black horse, with magnificent, large, translucent, draconic wings. It shakes its head, and snorts a small poof of fire.
	"You've got to be kidding." Frobod says.
	The creature strolls in, trailing behind a train of four pegasus foals, white, black, brown, and pinto. Each has slightly different colored wings, and all seem to be capable of breathing fire.
	Lord Zarentu says, "Our mages have been hard at work this year, and have bred more of our draco-pegasi than expected. You may claim one of these foals to keep and raise as your own, as my gift to you."
	"You've got to be kidding!" Frobod says.
	Lord Zarentu says, "Yes, they are wonderful. I quite agree, and no. I jest not. You'll be the first human to own a Dragonswood Pegasus."
	"Frobod..." I say in a warning voice.
	The death knight takes a deep breath, and clinches his hands into fists. In a tight voice he says, "I'll take the black one."
	Lord Zarentu says, "Fantastic choice! It'll match your armor."
	A stable hand leads the creature over on a small lead and hands it to him. No doubt, Frobod's reading some sort of prompt about obtaining a Draco-pegasus, or whatever Zarentu called them.
	Frobod huffs, "Thanks." to the stable hand, and then speaks louder to Zarentu, "I was hoping that you could help me..." He looks to me, and then to the rest of the guild who have been standing further away since single combat, "Well all of us..."
	"Ah-ah-ah..." Zarentu says, waving an admonishing finger. "Boons will be awarded at dinner. No exceptions." The last is delivered in the same dangerous tone we experienced several times over the dragon's lunch. He continues, "Short as your lives are, Lord Frobod, patience is a virtue."
* * * * *
	As soon as we leave the arena for the Champion's tent, because where else should we go to discuss everything that just happened, Frobod slams his fist on one of the buffet tables and yells, "FUCK!" He kicks the rug up off the dirt. "Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck! Mother fucking, fuck!"
	I sigh, having saw this coming. I didn't know what form it'd take, but I've been bracing for a meltdown. It was either going to be rage or tears. Looking at Frobod now, I think it's a little of both.
	Tako says, "It's a cool ass mount, and two in one week." recalling Frobod's drop from the Windroost, "If you don't want it, I'll gladly take it from ya."
	Frobod says, "I don't care about the fucking mount! We're supposed to be going home now. Home. Las fucking Vegas, not some castle in Durolan."
	I guess now I know where Frobod's from. I'm half tempted to quip about not knocking the castle, being part of Jordan's legacy and all, but I decide against it in favor of letting him burn through all his rage by pummeling helpless tables, and stomping innocent carpets. The sooner he gets it out of his system, the better, and we can begin the healing process from this setback as a guild.
	The gnome isn't quite as vocal, but even she looks crestfallen as she lays on a throw pillow staring at her feet.
	I say, "It's only been, like, a day." I check the game clock on my VT, "Less than a day actually. We can still do this. The logout quests could be anywhere, just waiting for us to discover them."
	Tako says, "Not to mention, we still get favors."
	"Yeah." Mirae says, "We should brainstorm what to ask for. "
	"Log out button." Frobod says, "Easy."
	I sigh, "Not to sound like a nay-sayer, but I'm not sure all NPCs can just tweak our interfaces. How would we even ask them?"
	Frobod says, "I want you to help me log out and go home."
	Mirae says, "I don't think he'll know what logging out is."
	"No..." I say, "But he might be on to something. Havenfolk already talk about adventurers as if we are a class apart, with strange behavior. Perhaps you could say something like 'All the adventurers in our company desperately want to go home. We're not originally from Haven, no are we residents of the Freeworld. Please use your resources to help us find a way back home.'"
	"I like it." Tako says, "With the whole Rip of Worlds thing, Havenfolk are already familiar with alternate realities, or dimensions. With the right story, we should be able to bypass the usual filters on their ears for talking about the real world."
	Mirae asks, "Who wants to use their favor for that?"
	"I will." Frobod says.
	For the first time, Laurelade speaks up saying, "I'd be willing to do it too."
	I say, "I was already planning to ask for an alliance between the Toxic Muffins and Dragonswood to aid in the Dragonsbane quest. Beyond that, I was really hoping to get some enchantments, for either my boots or Bite."
	"Not to sound self centered or anything," Mirae says, "but I really want to upgrade my bow."
	I say, "Get what you want. We don't all have to ask for the same favors."
	Tako says, "I was kinda hoping for some new gear too, or a limited edition vanity item to sell for a monster pile of gold."
	Frobod says, "Why aren't you guys trying harder to get out of here?" It's an open question, but he's looking to Mirae and Tako.
	Mirae shrugs, but Tako says, "I'm having fun here. I mean, I'll do the log out quest if we find it, but honestly I think we'll be getting out because of something they do out there" he points as if over a horizon, "before anything we do in here. So, for now, why not enjoy it?"
	Mirae says, "Yeah me too." seeming thankful for Tako giving her a plausible excuse to stay.
	"In any case," I say, "Lets work out our story regarding the origins of adventurers, just in case he decides to grill us. I think sticking close to the truth will be easier. Maybe that our souls have been transported to this plane, and locked inside these bodies until we can find a way to be released and sent home. I think it's best to say that it's not a punishment, but rather a natural disaster corresponding with the Rip of Worlds. It'll make our plight more sympathetic."
	A good fifty minutes of back and forth later, I'm feeling confident of our origin story, and am ready for the banquet, or at least, I think I am until a stuffy little rat-faced man with a thin moustache, adorned in Lord Zarentu's house colors enters the tent.
	He says, "Champions," and pauses to be sure that he has all our attentions, and then bows to Frobod, "Grand Champion Frobod, I'm here to see if you require anything before the feast."
	Frobod says, "I'm good to go right now." Still in his armor.
	I say, "Me too." Standing, in my bloodstained leathers.
	Mirae, Tako, and Laurelade also start to mobilize, when the man, named Rebon, says "In that?" eyes, widening. "You won't change your clothes?"
	We all look to each other, and Frobod says "What's wrong with what we've got on?"
	Rebon says, "This is a feast in your honor, not a tavern where you can brawl." He pulls out a handkerchief, licks it, and rubs at the spot where Frobod's sword impaled me, taking a blotch of red away with it. "It's the same gear you wore in the great melee." He huffs loudly. "This is an emergency."
	He claps his hands twice as if using The Clapper, and waits for something to happen. Nothing does. Clap-clap! "I said this is an emergency!" A moment later two brunette women in the same colors scurry into the tent, curtsying to all of us. Rebon says, "You." pointing to the girl on the right, "Take the fellows." He gestures to the other woman, "You and I will handle the Ladies. We've got just over 30 minutes to make them grand. I don't care what you have to do. This is a make it work moment and time's-a-wastin'."
	Frobod and Tako are being dragged out of the tent by the first girl, wearing baffled expressions. I have to laugh. Of all things to do before claiming our rewards, I never imagined we'd be getting makeovers. I poke Mirae and say, "Just imagine if the orc had won!"
	Rebon says, "That'd have been a travesty. Thank you Lord Melpomine for vanquishing him, but now we're really short on time."
	He herds us all into the castle proper, through an antechamber, up a stone staircase. Mirae grins and has a spring in her step, whereas Laurelade moves about with her typical attitude of, "Whatever." Now we're in some kind of dressing room with four ornate full body mirrors.
	"Wait here." Rebon says, and bolts out of the room without waiting for a response. His helper went another direction, as soon as we reached the castle.
	I sigh, and say, "Ooohhh, this is awesome!"
	Mirae says, "You think we can keep the clothing? This is so cool."
	Laurelade grumbles, "I feel like a soc."
	The girl from the tent enters with three boxes, marked with a logo featuring a cluster of grapes, encircled by a needle and thread. She curtsies again, leaves the boxes on a table, and departs the room.
	Mirae says, "Doesn't say much, does she?"
	"Must be shy." I say. "We're celebrities."
	Now I hear Rebon arguing with someone in the hallway, another man's voice who says "For the last time, I'm a magus not a barber! There are plenty of ladies to do your hair and makeup!"
	Rebon says, "... and I told you this is an emergency!" He makes eyes at the other man, a towering, lean fellow in pristine, stylish, wizard's robes. I didn't even know that wizard robes could be stylish, until spotting the newcomer. He has a wide, tall, avant-garde collar that extends all the way to his britches. Side cut-outs and an unclothed chest show off Laurent's, that's his name, chiseled physique. From the hip down the garment closes, hiding the legs, like any other robe. "You know I wouldn't come to you if not for great need, and you being the very best."
	For the first time Laurent takes in the sight of us, a band of rag-tag adventurers in unrepaired battle wares. "Oh... dear dear...." He says. "When's the feast?"
	Rebon says, "Just over 20 minutes!"
	Laurent says, "Why ever didn't you come get me sooner? These are the Champions." He clicks his tongue, and says "This is going to be a rush job." as he pulls a wand from a pocket beneath his full-torso collar. "Never fear ladies, Laurent will make you fabulous."
	Laurelade looks slightly terrified, whereas Mirae's grinning ear to ear.
	"Quick," Rebon says, "Put these on." and shoves a box to each of us.
	Inside, I find three items entitled "Lovely Dragonswood Dress" in three different colors, red, black, and a plumb shade of purple
one of our guild colors. I hold the crimson against my body, in the mirror, it's one part red carpet, another part flamenco, with an asymmetrical hem. I'm relieved to see there's not a train because Sten said that we'd be dancing.
	"This could work." I say as I swap the red for the purple. "You two and Tako are both champions, are you even dancing?"
	"Oh!" Mirae says, "I forgot to tell you. It all happened while you were knocked out." Now she's nearly bursting with laughter, I take note of Laurelade, who's, surprisingly, blushing. "Tako and I are partners, no surprise there, but Laurelade threw a fit..."
	"It wasn't a fit." She says. "I gave it back to him."
	"Threw it, is more like it. She pelted the kid with big ears with the wreath, and he accepted!" Mirae laughs. "The squire is her dancing partner!"
	"Oh my." I say.
	Rebon clears his throat. "Less gabbing, more changing."
	"With you in the room?" I ask.
	He says, "I can step out if it'll make you go faster."
	I say, "You do that."
	"Come." He says, and motions Laurent into the hall.
	Laurelade says, "You can just equip it using the VT interface." as her wizards robes disappear, and are replaced with a miniature version of my dress in a blink of an eye. She chose the black one.
	"Hmm..." I say. "It's easy to forget after being logged in for so long." I choose the purple and spin in place. I like the way the fabric stirs. It has good motion.
	From outside, Rebon says, "Almost finished?"
	"Just a sec." Mirae says, and equips the red one. "Okay."
	The two men return, cupping their chins. Rebon says, "You think?"
	Laurent says, "You think?"
	Rebon, "I agree... Okay, no." He points to me, then Laurelade, then Mirae. "You yes, you yes, you no."
	Mirae says, "What?"
	"Really?" Laurent says, "Candy apple red, with the green shades in your hair? Absolutely not. Someone'll mistake you for a fruit tree. Someone switch with her."
	I say, "I kinda like the purple, because it represents the guild."
	Rebon says, "I know, that's why I chose it."
	Mirae says, "Laurelade and I can both wear black?"
	Laurent says, "Maybe if you were ignorant townsfolk that didn't know any better, but two VIPs wearing the same exact outfit? Child, who raised you? Short stuff, elf girl. Swap your colors. "
	They both do so using the fast change option in their VT, and this is how the person least interested in dancing ends up with the brightest color.
	Admiring myself in the mirror, I say, "I like it."
	Rebon says, "Thank you love, but we're not done. Your hair's dreadful."
	I have another look at myself, and my hair looks about the same as it always does in Freehaven Online. They must be seeing something I can't. I ask, "What's wrong?"
	"It's fine if you want to spend all day in the arena, but for this event you need something special." He takes the end of my ponytail in hand. "Look at this, not a bit of ornamentation!"
	"Oh...kay?" I say.
	Laurent says, "Watch." With a lightning flash flick of his wrist, he hits me with a spell that flashes pink in my face. It doesn't hurt, but makes me smell flowery, a nice perfume. I'm about to say something, when he flicks his wrist again and hits me in the face with an abrupt puff of air and flash of pink that leaves me sputtering. "Now look, and tell me what you think."
	I hardly recognize myself in the mirror. Not only am I now wearing a smoky eye and natural lip makeup, that makes my green eyes pop like emeralds, but my long straight pony tail has been replaced with a wavy braided half-updo, that covers my right ear, and accentuates the slight point of my left. Sporadic threads of silver dive in and out of the braid dangling small star and lightning bolt charms.
	Laurent makes a circling motion with his wand and says, "Turn for me." I do so. "Fabulous. What did I say? It's a rush job, but that doesn't mean you can't look good."
	There's a new icon shining in the corner of my vision.
Styled
You're looking good!
Bonus: +2 Appearance.
Duration: 6 hours remaining.
	The Champion buff that prevents my death is now gone. I hadn't noticed, but it must have faded the moment Frobod was declared the winner.
	"Now, if you will don that lovely crown." Rebon says. I equip the Rose Ring of the Champion. My appearance stat has never been this high. "Perfection!" He spins me by the shoulders so I have a good look at myself in the mirror, and says "Look at you, and you see? Little thunderbolt charms like your... stick thingy."
	I absently say, "It's a stave." not wanting to look away from my reflection. I need a Laurent for real life, so I don't have to spend half a day getting this level of ready for special events. Real life, Seattle. A place that I may never see again. A flash of pink from my peripheral view tells me that Mirae's now getting the treatment. I'm happy for her as she squeals in the mirror.
	Mirae says, "You are the god of makeovers!"
	Laurent says, "I am fantastic, aren't I?" which makes me wonder if he too is a dragon.
	Leaving the dressing room, Rebon walks fast, shooing us to the front of the castle. "Hurry up! Hurry up! Just a few more minutes!"
	The three of us are looking better than we ever have before. It makes me feel good, though everywhere we go eyes are watching. It's not like being in the arena where I was putting on a show. Now, I get Havenfolk stares just for existing. The air is festive as we approach the banquet. A fiddler wanders about sending men and women into displays of impromptu dance, and kitchen staff from the castle shuttle enormous carts topped with platters of covered food.
	I'm not surprised to see Frobod and Tako, but the big eared boy, Sten, is also seated at a golden tableclothed champions table. As Laurelade's date, I guess his presence makes sense. Frobod, now free of his armor, is a handsome specimen wearing a black Indo-European suit that's tight across his strong chest. His dark hair is bound in a neat ponytail. Tako, by contrast wears a white embroidered surcoat, more typical of western fantasy, and his short hair is stylishly rumpled like a boy band K-Pop star. Each wear their wild leafy crowns, and look dashing for it.
	Mirae rushes to give Tako a hug.
	I appreciate the eclectic garb of Haven over Freeworld, in one room you can have a knight from King Arthur's court, a man in a tuxedo, and a person in Japanese kimono, and no one will look too far out of place. The only style I can imagine truly standing out is a graphic T-Shirt, over a pair of Levis.
	I embrace Frobod who whispers, something to the effect of "You look beautiful." into my hair.
	I can't help but smile. Hard to believe that a few days ago we didn't know each other. I say, "Glad you're feeling better."
	He says, "I've had some time to calm down, besides the day's not over."
	Laurelade stands beside Sten who is considerably less debonair wearing a muddy brown vest, with an undershirt with ruffles. Many, many ruffles. So many, in fact, that they burst from the V-line of his vest, and tickle the end of the boy's chin whenever he looks downward. Looks like someone didn't have Laurent and Rebon to help him.
	We take our seats just in time for Lord Zarentu's appearance at an end table facing the congregation. At the center of all the other tables is an eleven foot tall mountain of cooked meats on white plates. Aromatic servings of rabbit, goat, chickens, pork, and cow are arranged in the shape of a carnivore's wedding cake. In front of Meat Mountain is an open flat area with musicians in one corner, where I trust we are to dance.
	I look to Mirae, who's beside me, and say "Dragons. They eat a lot."
	"No kidding." Mirae says, as she draws my attention to an endless line of serving carts stretching from the far side of the banquet area, to the castle, each transporting at least a dozen platters of covered food.
	Tako says, "So... is this like a buffet thing?"
	"Doesn't matter." Frobod says, "It'll all taste like air anyway."
	Tako says, "Damn, I forgot. Being in game this long messes with your head... Especially when whatever they marinade all that meat in smells so good."
	Herald Brime, appears next to Zarentu and casts a lesser version of the amplification spell on him. He doesn't have to be quite so loud as in the arena.
	"Welcome my guests." Zerentu says, "... and congratulations to my champions for a tourney well fought!" A round of applause, "First among whom is Lord Frobod of Athelon and the Toxic Muffins." Louder cheers, before Lord Zarentu lifts a calming hand and says, "Well done, my friend." He pauses, "Champions, and your partners. Come forward, and honor us all by opening this banquet with the traditional dance."
	I don't know exactly what traditional dance means, but I'm confident that as soon as music starts playing muscle memory will take over as my avatar accesses the +2 dance ability from the Rose Ring of the Champion. We all stand in the clearing; the Toxic Muffins, Sten, and npc dragon winners of the other competitions with their chosen partners.
	A gentle waltz fills the air.
	I'm not wrong in my presumption of muscle memory. As soon as we're hand in hand and Frobod's other arm is on my back my body knows exactly what to do as we're seized in currents of graceful music. It's a nice change of pace after a day of fighting. Part of me wonders how Sten and Laurelade will manage, though they haven't started. It's just me and the Grand Champion stepping about the floor. I enjoy his body heat, and the way a breeze sweeps through my clothing with every twirl. I'm disappointed when we get a system notification that it's our time to stop, and for the next pairing to take the floor.
You have learned the skill Dance.
Current Rating: 1 (+2)
	The two dragons that follow are obviously marvelous because dragon's are sexy and good at everything when they take human form. She's in a blue dress, tight on top, free flowing on the bottom. It possesses a magical luster that gives a quiet nod to the sequin dress without seeming too modern. Her partner's in a dark version of Tako's outfit. Men's fashion is more boring, but his moves are confident. You can really tell who has more than two or three points in the dance skill.
	Next up are Mirae and Tako, and I just want to melt all over her. Her glowing face is the stuff that life goals are made of. Neither one of them are expert dancers, if I had to guess, like me, their only dance stats come from their Rings of the Champion. The story of joy on her face makes the performance beautiful. She's swaying, whirling, and stepping in a language that expresses freedom of that which her words won't tell. I could watch it all night.
	I think, "He better take care of her."
	They finish with a spring in her step. Tako's looking smooth like ballroom dancing's something he tackles every evening. I'm glad he didn't act too cool for the banquet, or complain about this event being some girly shit, because I want Mirae to be happy. She totally deserves it.
	Tako says, "It's like going to prom."
	Mirae says, "I never got to go."
	Laurelade and Sten take the floor in a rhythmic disaster, though Sten's not tall, the top of her head still makes them stand crotch to face. She doesn't know when to move, and he nearly tramples her. A few paces in, the gnome casts the float spell, which brings her up to his eye level, and at least allows Sten to dance around her, while she turns and hovers about. She's the only one of us that lacks a Ring of the Champion, and therefore has no dance skill. I wonder if Rebon or Laurent could have taught her if they'd found us sooner.
	The last pair of dragons perform their solo, and then all of us are floating across the floor in a swirling ring of elegant motion. The music stops, we take our bows, there's polite clapping from the crowd. The sun's setting, a great shadow obscures the fading sun. Confused chatter spreads through the festival. A new debuff appears in the top right-hand corner of my vision.
Gloom: -50% magic resistance. -10% Strength. -10% Dexterity +2 difficulty to spell casting
	"What the heck?" I look up and see four black dragons breathing shadowy breath over the crowd beating colossal black wings to hover in place. It doesn't burn, but I assume they're the source of the harmful effect. They have glowing green eyes, and shiny black scales. Their bodies are the size of semi trucks. High above them, is a much larger foe of similar colouring. It has a shadowy aura like the negative inversion of a halo in a renaissance painting. It swoops down and perches atop the roof of Lord Zarentu's castle. Its relative proximity to a known object helps me discern that its long neck and bulky body is nearly as long as the building. Dragonswood Keep's flat roof is a cat bed for its body.
	It speaks in a sonorous echoing voice, "Zarentu, I grow tired of waiting. Abandon your mortals. The ashes of these worlds will usher in a new era of dragon kind."
	Red light flashes around everyone at the banquet. Magical black chains appear out of nowhere and constrain us, slapping my arms to my side, and pinning them to my body. When I struggle against them, they constrict like metal pythons.
	In party chat I say, "Don't move. If you fight, they get tighter." Sten, of course, doesn't hear me as an NPC and non-member of the party. He thrashes back and forth like a frenzied nutter in a straight jacket. I call out, "Sten don't!" Too late, one moment the boy's jerking in place, the next he explodes in a shower of blood, bone and flesh. It's like he's stepped on a land mine. I feel a little queasy as the boy's forearm lies motionless on the ground a few paces from me. He's just an NPC, but damn... I liked him.
	I yell, "Don't move!" hoping to save Havenfolk lives around me.
	A deep rumble from the big dragon, as it laughs at our predicament. "So fragile."
	Zarentu's had enough. Without warning, his cape and Roman general's costume melt away into a pattern of great white scales that cast iridescent reflections like a prism. Wings sprout from his spine, the color of white gold, as his colossal tale grows longer and longer, pushing dancers aside and knocking over Meat Mountain. His human face elongates into a yellow eyed tyrannosaurus skull filled with glistening white teeth, as he takes to the air. Each pulse of his substantial wings, stir up currents of air around us until he's some forty feet overhead. He's still climbing, but we no longer feel the drafts from his wings. Looking up, I see that Zarentu dwarfs the black dragons that cast the binding spell, though he's a small body compared to the monster atop his keep.
	"Cimmerian! You dare do this now?" Lord Zarentu speaks in a voice of slow rolling thunder. "You come to my keep, and murder my guests. This is the Dragonswood Tournament. There are more than fifty dragons and eight champions on the premises."
	Cimmerian, the great dragon on the castle laughs, "Champions? Mere mortals."
	Zarentu says, "They will destroy you and your cultists! Dragons and champions to arms!"
	The non-Toxic Muffin dancers grunt and strain under their shackles until one breaks free, bursting into her dragon shape like a kernel of reptilian popcorn. She's got a long blue body, and a barbed tail. Roars sound, as other dragons take shape, shattering their bonds in bursts of green, yellow, brown, and red scales. Tables topple under their rapid expansion. I even see Nothgoran to the side ripping away his bestial half-human form in a never before seen display of his native body
a well muscled charcoal drake.
	In party chat I say, "I guess so far as the end of the world is concerned, not all black dragons are against us."
	Mirae asks, "Is that the extra-planar dragon for our quest?"
	"I think so," I say, "I'm pretty sure the whole tournament, for us, was leading up to this."
	Frobod says, "What do you want to do? Struggle and risk popping like grapes, or sit here while dragons do the fighting?"
	I say, "Mirae, Tako and Laurelade, hold up until Frobod and I try. If it's easy to break free, you give it a go. If we take major damage it's probably best for you to sit tight unless you've got crazy stamina that I don't know about."
	"Sounds like a plan." Mirae says.
	I push against the chains with all my strength, they squeeze tighter. I struggle, twenty percent, thirty percent of my health's lost before I stop. I check Frobod's life and see he's down an entire fifty percent.
	I say, "Stop. This isn't working. There's got to be another way."
	Cimmerian takes flight, and comes to face Lord Zarentu head on. The lord of Dragonswood Keep is like a child by size comparison.
	Cimmerian says, "Look how they struggle."
	Zarentu heaves a blast of his light breath which burns like a torrent of white starlight. Snowflakes of holy energy ricochet of Cimmerian's body and float down on the mortals below. Blue and red dragons join the attack, breathing violent clouds of elemental of fire that vary according to their dragon types.
	Cimmerian hits Zarentu with a lash of his thick tail, which sends the light dragon tumbling down. It's only in the last moments of the fall that Zarentu straightens his wings and avoids a collision with the earth.
	"That was close."
	I think too soon. Cimmerian's swooping. We can't move. Huge teeth and a black tongue are all I see except for a portal in the back of his throat.
Loading...
Loading...
	I feel weightless. My feet touch down in a smooshy wet environment that makes my feet itch. The chains are gone, so that's something. We don't have the gloom debuff either. It must have been area of effect.
	"Hello?" I ask. It's so dark even with my racial ability to see in low light conditions. I'm suddenly jostled as if in an earth quake. Frobod materializes beside me. We'd been standing together.
	"Ugh." He says. "It smells like death."
You have entered a secret dungeon.
Down the Gullet
Find a way out before you're digested!
Countdown Timer: 30 minutes
	In party chat, Tako says, "Are you guys OK? Dude, he just ate you, but my party interface says you're still alive."
	"I noticed." I say.
	Tako says, "It was like the megalodon but more terrifying because it came from the sky."
	"I get it." I say, "But we need to concentrate. We're in a secret dungeon and only have 30 minutes to escape."
	Frobod says, "Equip your staff." He doesn't use the party chat. Our environment lurches like an aftershock.
	I say, "Not fun." and equip Bite. Thankfully, we still have access to our inventory. The electric glow from either end of the weapon casts light on our environment. I wish it hadn't. A couple of half digested bovines stare at us from skulls with empty sockets. "Gross." I hold the weapon high overhead, and see a long tunnel reaching skyward. "You good at climbing?" I try to imagine myself re-emerging at the feast by clawing my way up Cimmerian's esophagus and out his mouth.
	"I'd rather not." Frobod says, "At least not yet." Frobod has his greatsword equipped now. "Maybe we can cut our way out."
	I say, "Try it." and motion for him to continue. He cuts into the nearest wall, a pink mass with a road map of purple veins working through it. A gash of red blood appears when he cuts, and our world jumps sending us to our bottoms. I say, "Ugh." and look for a place to wipe my hands without success.
	Frobod stands, and charges the wall with the point of his sword trying to poke through. He strains hard, but the longer he pushes, the more violent the unstable ground becomes. It's like raiding in a bouncy castle. A putrid, smelly, half digested bull skull bouncy castle. I'm about to toss my cookies.
	I say, "Stop. Stop. Just stop. It's not working."
	Frobod says, "What are our options?"
	"There's climbing out and poking a hole. We could also try making the dragon throw up."
	Frobod says, "How do you propose we do that?"
	I sigh and say, "I don't know. I'm just thinking."
	"Well we better hurry because the timer's counting down."
	I ask, "Do you have anything explosive with your death magic?"
	"Not really." He says, "That's Laurelade's territory. If only you could Thunder Bridge us out of here."
	I say, "I thought you hated that spell." My mind's reeling at the idea. Is that possible?
	Frobod says, "It's better than being digested."
	"Good point." I say, pause, and continue "Do you want me to try?"
	"Can you?" Frobod asks.
	"I don't know."
	He says, "Check your VT to see if the spell's grayed out. If it's not you can use it, but I'd think a spell like that'd carry a restriction on being used indoors. I think this qualifies."
	I say, "Let me check," and scroll through my virtual tablet. Thunder Bridge... Thunder Bridge... Where are you? Thunder Bridge. Ah! I grin. "You're not going to believe this."
	"What?"
	"The spell's available."
	"No shit?" Frobod says, laughing. "Get to it, so we can give this dragon heartburn."
	"I'm on it."
	Casting is harder than expected. Every time I get Bite spinning up to speed, and I feel the energy welling up inside, the dungeon shakes and breaks my concentration knocking back my progress. It's not an instant cast spell, so I have to finish the whole thing between shakes.
	I say, "Be ready. When it finally takes hold we're going to have, like, no notice."
	I spin Bite after the last rumble. The wind it creates is sour and nauseating. Almost there. The small hairs on the back of my neck stand on end. The translucent violet dome of magic springs up around me. I slam Bite into the ground, and grab Frobod's wrist. Bright light, I'm seeing spots, we're yanked upward. For the count of two heartbeats our vision goes black, before we're flying in the air looking down on hills of sunset colored clouds. The wind beats my face.
	"Woo!" I shout. Bite tows us like a blue comet. This mode of travel is such a rush. Frobod groans behind me. I'm not sure I can date someone who can't do roller coasters in real life, and say "Buck up!" just before our vision goes black again for a moment, and we're dropped unceremoniously down, seeing spots in front of the catawampus champion's table in a burst of ozone scented electric light.
	"You're back!" Mirae says.
	The scent of cherry blossoms engulfs us. Our health creeps back to maximum. She, Tako, and Laurelade have all lost their chains, but a number of frightened Havenfolk remain standing, constricted by the evil chains and red glows that bind them.
	Switching to party chat I say, "Give me an update."
	Mirae says, "Blue dragon set us free after you were swallowed and a bunch of other dark dragons showed up. Most of the battle is happening up there." She points skyward, "Between Cimmerian and his cultists, and Zarentu and the festival dragons." She looses a green magic arrow into the gloom, it finds purchase in the side of one of the lower hanging dragons, which is flapping its wings in place, and spewing the nasty cloud of dark all over everything. That's what's giving us the Gloom debuff. She says, "There have been a few waves of ground troops mostly just juveniles, and these half-dragon centaur creatures. Instead of human mixed with horse, they are people and reptile."
	"Got it." I say. "Are there still troops on the ground?"
	Mirae says, "I think we've taken care of all of them, but who knows?"
	Tako hits the nearest overhead drake with a non-magic arrow, and Laurelade burns it with one of her devastating fireballs. It falls, crashing on several large circular tables
a lifeless husk. The unnatural murk enshrouding the banquet fades as the Gloom debuff dissipates.
	We can now see Cimmerian on the retreat with a streamer of smoke rising from his chest. I think, "We did that." as he makes his escape. Six more dark dragons follow in his wake in a bird formation. At first Zarentu gives pursuit, but then falls back to the castle. The chains seem to have snapped from the remaining Havenfolk as soon as the closest dark dragon went down. Now, everyone who's not a champion or dragon looks lost and confused, wandering about, brushing themselves off, and picking up the remains of their place settings.
	Mirae says, "I'm going to look for wounded and see if there are any players that need resurrection."
	I say, "Good plan." and look to the place where Sten exploded. It's as if he was never there, his corpse having disappeared as a non-player object with no loot. "I hope he respawns." Normally NPCs repopulate in a few days or so, but with all of Archangel's changes to enhance realism, you never know.
	Mirae's now somewhere I can't see tending to the wounded among Lord Zarentu's guests. I see occasional pops of green light which I assume must be her healing in the crowd.
	I look to my remaining guild members and say, "What do you want to do?"
	Tako says, "Just wait here. Either Zarentu will come back, or our direction will become obvious. It always is in world events."
	In party chat Mirae says, "I found Payneskill. Looks like he tried to fight a wave of ground troops solo, with no heals."
	Tako says, "What a douche."
	Mirae says, "What the..?"
	Tako says, "What is it?"
	I ask, "Do you need us?"
	Mirae says, "It's not like that... I just got a warning when I tried to resurrect him. 'This body can only be resurrected for 12 more minutes.' Have any of you ever heard of a resurrection timer?"
	Frobod says, "No."
	I ask, "What happens if you wait more than 12 minutes?"
	Mirae says, "No idea. Maybe they have to reappear at their bind point or in a cemetery, and take the penalties."
	Thinking on Sten I say, "I hope that's all it is."
	Mirae says, "Anyway, Payneskill's back up and I don't see any more dead players. Zarentu's heal force seems to have things under control."
GLOBAL ALERT
Pohrum is the first Freehaven adventurer to achieve digitization! Welcome to your new home.
For being the first, Pohrum as earned the unique golden title Pioneer. The next 300 adventurers to digitize their consciousness and become a permanent resident of the Freeworld universe will receive standard versions of the title. Additionally, all players who digitize within the next week will receive an imbursement to help them pay for their first Freeworld home.
	"Isn't that our chef?" I ask.
	Radio silence in party chat for a few moments, before Mirae answers "No. That's Pehrom. Pohrum's his in-game brother."
	Frobod says, "Fuck, I can't believe that. Do we really want people like that in our guild?"
	I say, "Don't judge a book by its cover. For all you know his whole family's here with him, and he was getting ready to raid with his best buddies when the hotfix hit."
	"Yeah.. Whatever." Frobod says, "I just can't get over it. They're giving up their lives in the real world."
	Mirae says, "Not everyone has good lives to go back to."
	All Tako has to say is, "Hardcore." but leaves it at that.
	Trying to change the subject I ask, "What's a golden title?" though I can already guess.
	Laurelade says, "It's like a Haven Online first. You get a special star next to your name, and your nameplate has a gold border. You typically only get them for being the first to complete a major dungeon, or finish a super difficult quest. I've heard some people got them by being first to craft legendary items, with expensive components. We'll probably get them if our guild is the first to finish the Dragonsbane quest."
	I say, "Sounds like tomorrow we go back to beating up babies in the Windroost."
	Wind swirls around us as Lord Zarentu beats his wings, and touches down gently with his hind right claw; a feather trapped in a powerful dragon body. As soon as the ground takes his weight, his form sucks in on itself. Clawed limbs retract into human arms, and wings melt into his back and become a white cloak. It happens so fast, just a few seconds and we're looking at the bright haired, pale skin man in brilliant ancient Roman general's style garb. Only his piercing yellow eyes give any hint to his draconic heritage.
	"Champion adventurers, come." He says, and turns back to the castle. He departs the ruined feast as abruptly as he had come.
	"I guess this means dinner's canceled?" Tako says, a note of disappointment sounding in his voice.
	"I'm sure you can scoop up a plate if you must," I say, "but overall I think we're best served by waiting to get back to cupcake keep."
	"Fine." He says, "Kick ass lightning spell by the way. I haven't seen it."
	I say, "It's Freeworld content."
	As soon as Zarentu's several paces away, an iron bound chest appears where he'd been standing.
	"Phat loot!" Tako cheers, and rushes forward. He tries in vain to pry open the lid before saying, "System says I don't have permission."
	It swings right open when I try, the lid flying back with a hollow crunk as I give it far more force than necessary.
You have found:
Darksteel Chakram
Type:
			Ranged, Exotic, Thrown
Quality:
                                Epic
Base Damage:
			Strength + 3 (Slashing)
Equipped Bonus:
			Dexterity + 2, Martial Arts+1
Special Properties:
			Ignores 50% of armor.
			+2 Dark Damage
Essence of the Lost Champion (Limited Edition)
This item begins a quest.
Description:
A jar of faintly glowing energy that could wink out if improperly handled. Someone in Durolan may find this interesting.
	I hold up the two items. The chakram is a cold, dark gray Aerobie with sharp edges and insubstantial inky tendrils skittering over its surface. I suspect that if I equip it, the magic will allow me to wear the metal ring on my forearm like an oversized bracelet, without having to worry about it falling.
	I say, "I think it's a reward for escaping the secret dungeon. Do you mind if I take this?" I motion with the chakram, "It gives a Martial Arts bonus, and I don't have any good ranged weapons."
	"Take it." Frobod says. "Take both of them, I don't care."
	I hand him the jar of energy, "Fair's fair. You made it out of there too."
	He takes it in hand, then it disappears into his inventory. He says, "Thanks. Any of you know what it does?"
	Tako says, "Never heard of it."
	The other's just shrug.
	Frobod looks to me and says, "If you change your mind later, just ask. I have no use for this, and it was your Thunder Bridge that got us out."
	I say, "We'll put it in the guild vault then, when we're back at Cupcake Keep."
	Tako says, "Let's go see what Zarentu has to say."
	We find him in the keep study, two stories of leather bound books stretch from floor to ceiling. There are long research tables neighboring each wall, but the dragon is sitting behind a simple wood desk in a cushioned wooden chair at the center of the room.
	He says, "First lets settle the matter of your rewards."
	In party chat Frobod says, "Finally."
	Lord Zarentu says, "As grand champion I'll give you the right of first request. You may ask of me two boons. Once for the joust, since the human Sleeve was in fact trying to steal your gold, the second for taking first place in the grand melee."
	Frobod pauses, "I want to go home. All of us, if it's within your power to send us back, that's what I want. Otherwise, I ask that you exert your influence on our behalf to find a way, or someone who can send us back."
	"Home?" Zarentu says, "To Athelon?"
	"No." Frobod says, his voice a bit sharper than I'd expected. "We're adventurers. Haven is not our home."
	"You hail from the... Freeworld then?" the dragon tastes the new word.
	Frobod says, "We're not from there either. I don't know how to explain."
	"May I?" I ask.
	Lord Zarentu gestures with his hand as if to say, "I'm waiting, be my guest."
	I say, "Adventurers come from another world. We're spirits inside temporary Havenfolk bodies. That's why we're said to disappear for indefinite periods of time, often talk different from the people of Haven, and have different values."
	The dragon raises a silencing hand, and then steeples his finger tips. "Is this something I should call Master Aztram for?"
	I share a glance with Frobod and say, "It couldn't hurt. Especially if he'll be assisting in an investigation."
	Lord Zarentu says, "One moment." as he stands and walks to a long brown rope attached to a red handle. He pulls it, and somewhere within the keep a bell tolls.
	A servant on the other side of the door says, "Sir?"
	Zarentu says, "Send Aztram to my study."
	The old half-elf has tired eyes and disheveled robes when he enters, no doubt exhausted from having to recast protective wards on the property. "You summoned, m'lord?"
	Lord Zarentu says, "Grand Champion Frobod has a favor which may require your expertise. Lady Lord Melpomine was just explaining the origin of adventurers, and how they'd like to return home."
	"Adventurers, sire?" Aztram asks.
	I bring him up to speed, and follow with, "Our presence was once temporary, but now we're trapped. Every time we departed this world our physical bodies faded like ghosts, but now... Ever since the event they're calling the Rip of Worlds we haven't been able to go home. We're stuck in Haven, and can no longer abandon these bodies."
	Aztram says, "You're telling me you'd just come and go as you pleased, and each time you left haven your bodies would disappear?"
	I say, "That's sounds about right."
	Aztram says, "It explains so much, like why adventurers are so careless with their lives, and why none of you seems to have a family tree."
	I shrug. Can't argue with that.
	Frobod asks, "Can you help us?"
	Lord Zarentu looks to Aztram expectantly. He clears his throat awkwardly. "I don't have anything immediately. It'll take research. This is all new and theoretical territory."
	Frobod says, "It's not a theory." The growl in his voice would make a dragon proud.
	"Yes... yes... I believe you." Aztram says, "What I mean is that branches of magic needed to address this problem are largely theoretical."
	Frobod's face contorts into an ugly frown. I put a calming hand on his arm and say, "Like quantum physics." The comment goes right over the heads of Haven folk.
	Lord Zarentu says, "It's settled then. As your first favor, Aztram and his team are tasked with researching ways for you to go home and sharing with you their findings."
	Frobod says, "It's okay to share what you find with the Toxic Muffins. We're all in this together." That last part makes me feel good because it shows that I'm not the only one thinking of us as a lasting team.
	 "... and your next request?"
	"I ahh..." Frobod says. "I hadn't thought of that. If you don't mind parting with some gear from your armory that'd be nice."
	Lord Zarentu says, "Done. I'll have the order sent to my quartermaster." He pauses and looks us all over, "And you Lord Melpomine? As the only other winner of two challenges. I'll hear yours next. You have two favors."
	I take a deep breath, "My first is a political matter. I want to forge an alliance between the Toxic Muffins and you and Dragonswood for the purpose of defeating Cimmerian and stopping the Rip of Worlds from spreading. After the threat's past, I'd like the opportunity to negotiate an ongoing alliance."
	Lord Zarentu looks contemplative. "Dragonswood has never aligned with a guild before, much less a guild of adventurers."
	I say, "Cimmerian and his death cult are a threat to us all, and we need to stand together."
	He holds up a finger. "I have not declined your request yet. What you ask is unusual, but then these are unusual times. The fact that you are adventurers, which I am now to understand are a whole new type of being, lands a point in your favor."
	I ask, "So you accept?"
	"No." Zarentu says, "Dragons are long lived, immortal if left to our natural deaths. The demise of Cimmerian could take centuries. I am not willing to commit Dragonswood to an alliance for so long over a mere victory in the contest, no matter how impressive your skills in battle."
	I deflate under his words, I'd been so certain he'd accept the offer. "..but-"
	He raises his halting hand, the same as when he stopped me to summon Aztram, "I propose a compromise. A one year alignment, at the end of which we will reconvene to determine if an extended relationship is to our favor. Is this fair?"
	I think about the possibilities. A world event shouldn't last more than a few months, so in a way Zarentu has inadvertently offered more than what I asked for though, of course, he couldn't know that. As for renewing the agreement, my gut's telling me that it'll be a reputation grind over the course of the next year to ensure the alliance keeps going. Either that, or winning the contest a second time. I can live with that.
	I say, "I agree, and it is."
	"Done." Zarentu says, "I'll have my scribe draw up the contract. You have one more favor."
	I say, "This is probably one for Aztram, but I'd like an enchantment either on my boots or staff. If you'd be willing to give me access to your enchanters I'd be appreciative."
	Zarentu motions to Aztram to answer my inquiry, "What kind of enchantment do you need?"
	"Damage, stamina, or dexterity." I say. "Something to help me negate armor."
	"... and for the boots?" He asks.
	"The same." I say "I have gloves that do bonus sonic and lightning damage when I punch, I was hoping you could work out something that could do the same for kicks."
	Aztram sounds intrigued, "That's an interesting proposition. I've never seen boots of kicking before. Given some time to study your gloves, I may be able to replicate the effect."
	"... and the staff?" I ask.
	"I have several enchantments that would suit your needs. The first two  that come to mind would add a either holy or light damage to your attacks. The other would have a small chance to heal some of your health and increase your strength on a successful hit."
	"Do I have to choose now?" I ask.
	Lord Zarentu says, "If an enchantment is what you want, I authorize Aztram to do the work for you. Return to Dragonswood Keep when you're ready."
	"It's what I want."
	Zarentu says, "Done. Now for the rest of you."
	The rest of the loot is distributed in much the same manner. Mirae gets to commission a bow, Tako a pair of daggers, and Laurelade gains the opportunity to learn a rare spell. With an alliance forged, and me not anticipating any PvP or single combat for a while, I decide to leave my Fists of the Thunderlord with Aztram to research. Of the two projects, he seemed more excited about creating a new kind of enchantment, so why not throw him a bone? The happier he is doing the work for me, the better chance I have at increasing personal reputation.
