Chapter 20 - Risk and Burgers
	It's dark when we leave the keep. I've switched back to pants for the trip home. Archibald says, "Farewell champions." as we exit the gate. I wonder if he and Lyle ever sleep.
	I say, "Ready to ride the lightning?" teasing Frobod, but exiting Dragonswood keep has made him look glum. All the anger and fury of before deflated into a downcast gaze and dragging footsteps. He doesn't respond.
	I say, "It's not over." to remind him of his favor, and Aztram's research.
	Laurelade asks, "How many people can you take when you do that anyway?"
	I say, "Technically, there's no limit assuming you have unlimited intelligence, but with my current gear I only have enough manna for one extra person."
	Mirae says, "Let's take the bikes then."
	I'm about to ask if we should ride or fly, but then decide that flying is better. I pull at my VT and reset the fire and ether Elechoppers so that they're once again cloning the Nightmare's stats. Owing to the tradition of Elechopper rides for guild events, I set up a new voice and gesture macro to summon all the other choppers at once.
	I shout, "INFERNO!!!" and wave my middle finger, my fire bike appears in a pulse of red, and I continue "Let's ride!" while pumping my fist in the air. One after another, ether, wind, water, and earth Elechoppers appear in pops of color corresponding to their elements. They rumble to make their presence known. I say to Frobod, "We're flying since I don't want to hit anything nasty at night on the ground."
	Not much chatter on the way back, so I enjoy the trip imagining I'm riding on a path to the stars. Part of me wishes I had a flying carpet so I could lay back and stare at the sky forever. It burns with the same constellations as the real world, but flickers in a majestic potion of color and fleeting streaks long lost to the glare of concrete jungles of light and technology. We're moving so fast that I only hear wind in my ears, but if stopped I have a feeling I'd be listening to songs of owls, frogs and crickets in the trees below.
	Almost home.
	Durolan is a blue-white beacon in the night, suspended mage lights glimmer on every corner. I was planning to land right in front of Cupcake Keep, but a stone igloo the size of a McDonalds catches my eye. I've never seen it before. Two hooded figures with black angel wings stand guard with black spears with crystal heads. Marking the entrance are a pair of columns painted with blue icons featuring a human shape up top that fades into scattered pixels at the bottom.
	"A digitization station." I say.
	Surprising for Durolan, there's a crowd of about ten people surrounding the silent angels. They call to me as I drop down for a closer look.
	"Don't go in!" A golden haired elf says, he's wearing a fairly standard tunic and trousers for a social character.
	A brunette human woman shouts, "If you go in, there's no guarantee you'll come out."
	In party chat I say, "I'm going to check this out real quick. Won't be long. Head back to the castle if you want."
	Frobod says, "You're not going to..."
	"Relax." I say, "I'm not digitizing after just one day in game."
	Mirae says, "See you there." and the rest of the Muffins fly off to headquarters. I can tell she wants to look by the way she's eyeing the pillars and guardians, but I guess she doesn't want Frobod to make a stink in front of a bunch of protesters.
	Dropping out of party chat, I address the woman who shouted, another player by the name of Ashlynn. All of the protestors are PCs. "You can relax, I'm not entering. What's going on?"
	Ashlynn says, "People are dying."
	"Well... yeah..." I say, feeling uncomfortable about having this simple fact stated so bluntly. "I guess... that's part of the process."
	Ashlynn reiterates, "They're dying and not showing up in game."
	I glance at the angels upon this pronouncement, the elf, named Ceris, says "They don't move or say anything unless you attack or physically block the entrance, but do that, and they'll send you to respawn."
	"That can't be right." I pull out my VT and check the guild roster. Sure enough, Pohrum's there with a little gold star next to his name. All non-hostile player names appear in blue, but I notice that his and two other guild mates names appear in a slightly different shade
a little more royal and less cerulean. "It looks like a few of my guild mates have already er..." I struggle not knowing what to call it "Converted."
	"Then they're the lucky ones." Ashlynn says.
	"It's not everyone." Ceris says. "It's about a one in ten chance you won't come out."
	"Seriously?" I ask.
	"Yeah." Ceris says.
	"That's scary." I say.
	The elf says, "No fuckin' kidding." in a very un-elflike manner.
	"Did it happen to someone you know?"
	The elf shakes his head, "No one I was close to, but a couple of tavern regulars have gone 'offline' since the stations opened. Doesn't take a genius to figure out why."
	Ashlynn says, "I saw it happen. Like a lot of people, I watched the first players go in, and most came out with their title and new player tag color, but two hours later we're still waiting for a couple of them. It was just a few minutes for the others so, if it hasn't happened by now...."
	I finish, "You think it won't happen at all."
	"Exactly." Ashlynn says.
	I say, "Damn..." and scratch the back of my head thinking. I better warn Mirae.
	"Yeah, damn." Ceris says.
	"I'd better go and tell my guild. There are some other people who were considering..."
	Ashlynn says, "Don't let us stop you. The more people we can save the better."
	"Thanks." I say, and lift off the ground on my bike. I'm hovering about five feet off the street when I say, "Let's add each other as contacts. I've got the real world TV upgrade in my guild hall, and a castle guardian that loves watching it and talking about the real world. If I hear anything new, I'll let you know. If you don't mind doing the same, like... if the people you saw disappear come back... I'd appreciate it."
	A few seconds pass, and Ashlynn and Ceris appear as new friends on my contact list. "Thanks again." I say, and begin my ascent over roof tops in a direct line to Cupcake Keep. It only now occurs to me that I just experienced an entire conversation with a bunch of socs, without anyone commenting or even taking a second look at my rare-ass mount. This strikes me as a greater sign of concern than their words could ever be. Social gamers are all about the avatar customizations, and vanity gear.
	I land on the drawbridge, and dismiss my Elechopper with a "Bloop bloop!" sound. Alfred's waiting when I swing the door open.
	"Welcome back Master."
	"Hey." I say, "Where's everyone?"
	Alfred says, "Most are eating in the dining hall."
	As I walk that direction I ask, "Were you able to help Pehrom with his food?"
	"I've granted him access to the kitchen, and use of all our ingredients, but haven't helped with his cooking."
	I say, "That's what I meant." as I slink into the dining room. Frobod, Mirae, Tako, and Laurelade are sitting at the end of the long table closest to the kitchen with food on their plates, and full place settings.
	Tako speaks with a mouth full of food, "I take back everything bad I ever said about goblin chefs. I love this man. If I could have a food baby, I'd be all up in this burger like warm apple pie."
	"Gross." I say. Mirae hits Tako's shoulder with her napkin.
	"Not gross." Tako says, "It's just that good."
	Mirae concedes, "The burgers are tasty."
	"Wait..." I say, "You shag apple pies?"
	Tako takes another bite. His eyes close in pleasure, his jaw moves in exaggerated chewing motions, to show everyone exactly what he thinks of the food. "I'd consider it if they were this good."
	I'm about to respond with something stupid when the door to the kitchen swings open revealing a little, long fingered, green skinned man about a head taller than Laurelade. He's got a big nose, protruding chin, batty ears, and wears a black apron with a poofy toque blanche on his head like a five star chef. Seeing him gives me a clearer picture of Sten's heritage. Poor Sten... I wonder if he'll respawn.
	He gives me a once over and says, "All hail the guild master. Nice to finally meet ya." He's got an upstate New Jersey accent. "Thanks for lettin' me in the kitchen." His voice wells with unexpected emotion, "It means a lot."
	"Hey man," I say, wondering what happened in the real world to make him stop cooking. I'm sure it's every bit as bad as what Mirae experienced. "It's guild property. Use it as much as you like. You should thank Tako for coming up with the new style of cooking."
	Mirae says, "He has... Profusely."
	Pehrom says in an excited voice, "It's just burgers and steak for now, but with the proper herbs and ingredients, there's no tellin' what I could do here."
	I chuckle, "You look so excited. I'm happy for you."
	The goblin says, "There's been a hole in my heart ever since I couldn't cook for people. The craft skill in the game's a bunch of bullshit cuz everything you make tastes like water, and doesn't use any actual skill, but this... I'm one step closer to puttin' me on a plate again." He wipes the corner of his eye.
	Until now, the only VR taste programs have been virtual restaurants, where the 'food' was all generated by the program, and cooking classrooms that allow people to refine their craft for the real world. Neither one of which enable people to cook for their friends in a social setting.
	Frobod says, "What happened to make you stop cooking?"
	Pehrom says, "Fuckin' boats and sharks. Me and my wife were out diving when the fuckin' tour guys turned the engine back on and the propeller started spinning." He makes a 'shrick' sound and a cutting motion over his bicep. "If that ain't bad enough, you don't want to be in the water with blood and a bunch of bull sharks. Barely made it out alive."
	Frobod asks, "You lost your arm?"
	Pehrom says, "Both of em' and a big ole chunk out of my thigh."
	Frobod says, "That's rough. I'm sorry."
	Pehrom says, "I'll tell you one thing. I never used that dive company again." He laughs. "That's some gallows humor for ya." I smile appreciating the way he uses levity to transcend his condition. He looks to me and says, "Tonight boar burgers are on the menu, and fuck all else."
	Deciding that I like our chef, I tease "I'll try the salmon." sure to have a smirk on my face so he knows I'm kidding.
	The goblin shouts, "Fuck all else!"
	I respond, "I'll have a boar burger then."
	In a chipper voice he says, "I'll have it for ya in just a second." and turns to go back to the kitchen. He looks back in the doorway and says, "Nice meetin' ya."
	I help myself to a seat, and Mirae asks "So what's going on with the angels?" I'm not surprised she's the first to ask.
	I say, "The angels? Nothing, they just stand there looking scary and kill anyone who tries to block the way in. The protestors, on the other hand, say people are dying without coming back into the game."
	Mirae says, "How would they know?"
	I say, "The human chick said that she and a few others were watching since the first few went in, and a couple of people didn't come out."
	"Oh." She says, with a note of disappointment sounding in her voice. "I wonder if it hurts to be digitized."
	"Of course it hurts." Frobod says, "You're dying. Stopping your heart forever. It's not supposed to be comfortable."
	Mirae says, "You don't know that. The game can make us feel whatever it wants. That's what makes this whole world work, you know?"
	"Hey." I say, "No fighting at the table." I then look to Mirae, "... but seriously. Some people are just disappearing, without making it back to the game."
	"Is it happening to a lot of people?" She asks.
	"Best guess is ten to twenty percent." I say, padding the numbers so she'll take it more seriously.
	Frobod says, "That's a one in five chance you'll kill yourself for no reason." He pauses a moment to think, "I wonder if the news has more information."
	"Maybe." I say, "With a story this big, a lot can happen in a day. We should check it after dinner."
	Frobod with his empty plate says, "I'm ready now."
	I give him a look that calls him a savage, and say "Well I haven't eaten."
	A few minutes later Pehrom comes back in with a plate full of burger. It's hot, juicy, and overwhelming with the scent of fatty goodness. It even has a whole grain bun. The goblin says, "The bun's nothing because Haven bread's bullshit, but it has texture, and can soak up flavor but the meat's decent." He sets the plate down in front of me. "Bon app
tit."
	I say, "Well it smells good" and take my first bite. I wouldn't say I have the most sophisticated palate but I can taste hints of garlic, pepper, salt and onions mixed in the meat. I swallow and continue, "We've got to start you a garden. Herbs, vegetables, whatever you need."
	"That'd be awesome." Pehrom says.
	I call out, "Hey Alfred!"
	The butler appears in his customary poof of smoke. "Yes?"
	I say, "We need to give Pehrom some space outside for an herb and vegetable garden. See what you can do to make that happen. If you have to take space away from the flowers or jousting strip that's fine. This new food is important."
	"As you wish." He says with a bow. "Is there anything else?"
	"Not now," I say. "I'll let you know if I think of something." The butler disappears as abruptly as he came.
	There's a little dish of red sauce beside my plate that I hadn't noticed before. I ask, "What's this?"
	Pehrom says, "It's a tomato paste, not quite ketchup. Not quite what I wanted, but considering what I had to work with on my first day, it's not bad. I need to make vinegar from scratch before I can get the real flavor."
	I remove the bun and shake a bit of the sauce from the saucer on to the meat. I give it a try. It's like a pizza burger without cheese. I say, "This is the best thing I've tasted in Freeworld or Haven ever."
	Pehrom huffs, "Thanks, it doesn't take much."
	I say, "It's good that Mirae recruited you. We're glad to have you."
	My burger disappears faster than I'd like to admit. I'm a regular Hoover. Just over a day without real food, and I'm sucking down every last reminder of the real world. Wiping the corner of my mouth with a napkin, I look to Frobod and say, "Now we can go watch the TV." I half expect him to say something like "Finally." but he keeps his mouth shut, and leads our parade of well fed adventurers into the lounge.
	It doesn't take long for him to find a channel with a newscaster, the same woman we saw last time, delivering updates. "The death toll rises as over one hundred players of the game Freehaven Online have died."
	The screen cuts to the face of a bewildered man in a Chicago Bulls hat, and wet eyes. The screen cap names him Timothy Buck
Father of Freehaven victim. "They said that if we didn't touch him.... Didn't take the gear off, he'd be okay." His voice breaks, "... but now Jerry's gone."
	Frobod's face grows hard upon seeing this, back to the newscaster, "Freehaven Online continues to provide life support for those who reach out to them, and continues to investigate the whereabouts of all players of accounts that are currently signed in."
	Cut to a company man in a suit at a press conference. "We believe that many of the deaths, unrelated to equipment tampering or failure are linked to Archangel's introduction of digitization."
	A reporter in the crowd says, "According to your most recent statement 56 characters have gone 'offline' since the update, and yet as of that time there had only been 51 instances of intentional removal of a player's hardware, or equipment failure. How do you explain that?"
	The man raises his hand and says, "I have nothing more to say at this time." as he covers the mic with his hand. His tone is now brisk in a way that it hadn't been before. The clicks and clacks of media cameras sound louder on television has he turns to go. He's having a very bad day.
	Frobod says, "Sounds like digitization isn't all what it's cracked up to be."
	"Still," Mirae says, "More people are making it through the process than not."
	Frobod says, "How can you even be sure it's what you want? What if you get digitized and can't feel anything. What if you're whole life is spent experiencing a world like the regular haven food?"
	"It won't be like that." Mirae says.
	"How do you know?" Frobod counters.
	"Because we have two guild members that have already done it and I asked them! They say it's just the same except... sometimes things seem a little more vibrant by comparison to what we have now."
	"What about your family?" Frobod asks.
	Mirae shouts, "They can visit me if they want!"
	I take a deep breath and put a hand on Mirae's arm. "I don't want to lose you." I can feel her tense muscles beneath my fingers. "I don't have a lot of friends Haven side. The people in this room are pretty much all of them."
	She gives me a little hug and says, "I'm not going anywhere." The contact of her body against my own feels good. Something I can trust not to disappear.
	I say, "I don't know about you guys, but I'm beat." It's hard to say whether this is a side effect of being signed in for so long, or if this is a new element of realism imparted by Archangel's update, but I've never felt so tired in a game. My whole body feels the kind of heaviness I used to get after playing in the snow as a kid, coming inside, and plopping down beside the fireplace.
	"I hear ya." Tako says, and looks to Mirae, offering her his hand. "Let's go."
	"Alright." She says, getting to her feet. I get the feeling they want a little quality time before bed.
	Frobod says, "I'm gonna watch TV for a while."
	Laurelade says, "Me too."
	"Suit yourselves." I say, "You have your rooms. What do you say tomorrow we get back to Windroost farming? We still have a chance at the golden title."
	"Whatever." Frobod says, "We'll all be here." The last carries the defeated tone that comes with a reminder that we're trapped in game.
	I look at the TV screen, still the news, and say, "Don't torture yourself. We'll find a way out."
	Laurelade asks, "What's our progress on the quest anyway? I'm too tired to check my VT."
	I pull out my own, and check out the quest interface.
Limited Edition - Guild Quest
Dragonsbane - Part 1
Difficulty: Variable
An extra-planer dragon has torn a rip in the wall between two worlds. Investigate the disturbance and bolster your dragon slaying prowess so you can destroy the foul beast and prevent further damage to the land.
Objectives:
Discover the Identity of the extra-planer dragon that caused the rip between worlds. 						1/1
Slay 50,000 dragons or dragon kin.		5,002/50,000
Rewards:
Title: 			Dragonslayer
Reputation: 	10,000 Reputation in All Playable Factions
Access to specialized gear and enchantments from Havenfolk merchants
	I say, "First objective complete, 5k out of 50 toward farming."
	"Not bad," Laurelade says, "Considering that we didn't do much killing at the tourney."
	The newscaster says, "In spite of the risks, or perhaps because of them, many continue to log into Freehaven Online, while governments around the world seek to confiscate unused hardware."
	"Take it easy." I say, "I'm going to bed."
	Back in my room, I peel off my battle leathers and set Bite against the wall. It disappears into my inventory as soon as I let go. Now I'm standing here in an oversized tunic like a night shirt. I'm tempted to take a bath, but my heavy body just says, "Go to bed."
	I slip under the covers.
You are in bed.
Would you like to sleep? Yes / No
