Chapter 21 - The Lost Champion
	My eyes pop open. Darkness. Shouting in the hall.
	"Melpomine! Wake your ass up!" That's Tako. I turn my head and see the faint glow of blue mage lights outside my room. "Melpomine!" He's a silhouette standing in my door. Apparently I forgot to close it, and the keep won't let him in without permission.
	I groan, "What time is it?"
	"I don't know." He says, "Late. Mirae's missing."
	That catapults me to full alertness. "Missing? Where'd she go?" Probably not the wisest of questions, so I may not be as alert as I thought.
	"I don't know!" Tako says.
	"Well, when did you last see her?"
	"We stayed up late talking until, like, 20 minutes ago and said good night. I found something in my bag that I forgot to give her, but she didn't answer when I knocked on the door."
	"Maybe she's sleeping?" I ask.
	"Check your VT." He says. I do so, pulling up my friends list as he continues talking. "She told me she wouldn't go without telling me."
	"Fuck." I say, seeing what he's talking about. He and I are both listed as being at Cupcake Keep whereas Mirae's location is listed as Durolan. "You don't think she's going for digitization do you?"
	"That's what I'm afraid of." Tako says. "I don't get why she wants to do it so much."
	I sigh, an angry sound that reveals my fear, frustration, and understanding of where she's coming from. "Let's go." I say, "There's no time to rouse the others."
	I fast equip my gear using the VT instead of putting it on manually because every second counts. My heart's beating. Damn it, Mirae. How could you? Alfred appears in a poof as I leave my chambers.
	I say, "Going out Alfred, no time to chat, unless you have information on Mirae."
	Alfred says, "She went out the front door a few minutes ago."
	I say, "That's what I thought. Tako let's move."
	Now, in the courtyard, just on the other side of the draw bridge, I stop, look to Tako and say, "It's time to ride the lightning. Stand still and hold on to your butt." The spell may only save us three or four minutes of travel time over the Elechoppers, but three or four minutes is a hell of a lot when gambling with a friend's life.
	Woosh... woosh... woosh... Bite's spinning, each side like blades in a human sized fan, weaving a pattern of azure circles in the air around me. The energy rises, chi ready to explode from inside, I grab Tako's wrist as lightning reaches down and connects with Bite. Bright white, we're seeing spots, and then nothing as we're yanked into the sky. Now we're looking down on a blanket of night clouds with stars twinkling above us. My hair's flapping behind me like a war banner. It's taking too long considering the short distance we're going, and I curse that the length of the flying scene appears to be the same regardless of distance traveled.
	Our vision blacks, white light, we're seeing spots as we're roughly deposited in a thunderbolt ten paces in front of the stone igloo. Angelic guards stand ready.
	"Mirae!" Tako shouts. "Don't do it!"
	I say, "Let's talk about this."
	We're both running toward her. Tako reaches for her arm, but the angel guards lower their menacing spears. I say, "Don't block her!" knowing that if they attack, he'll die and possibly lose his chance to say goodbye.
	Mirae stops, but doesn't want to look at me. Her back's facing us. "You're not supposed to be here."
	I say, "We're here because we care about you. Toxic Muffins. You're are healer. We've got a good thing going."
	Mirae says, "I told you I'm not going anywhere. We'll still have a good thing when I come out."
	Tako blurts, "I'll be your boyfriend! Please, anything! I don't want you to die!"
	Mirae says, "You can still be... in a few minutes. When I come out of there."
	Tako says, "No." and grabs her.
	The two angels spring into motion, sinister statues infused with life. Not a heartbeat passes before the two crystal tipped weapons are buried in his chest. He's been one-shotted. The angel on the right pulls its spear free, a smear of crimson covering the tip. The angel to the right does the same. Tako's digital body shimmers and fades from the ground like a ghost. Just a dark blotch on the cobble stones to show that he had been.
	Mirae says, "He'll be back at the keep in a few minutes. He changed his bind point. We did it together so we'd always end up at the same place."
	"Mirae..." I say, "I understand why you're doing this, just... wait a little longer. At least until they have it fixed."
	Mirae says, "If I wait the whole thing could be disabled. As soon as they crack whatever defenses Archangel's set up they can get to rolling back all the stolen technology. This may be the only shot I have at..."
	"At?" I ask, hoping to keep her talking.
	"At being normal! I don't want to be someone's burden anymore."
	"I get that... I really do."
	"Do you?" She asks. "Everywhere I go, and in everything I do someone's got to take care of me. That's not even counting the financial aspects. Just time. They can't even go on vacation together because of little old me, or they could but someone has to sit in the hotel babysitting instead of snorkeling or parasailing. Can't go to the amusement park, because cripples can't ride roller coasters. I'm holding everyone back, and I couldn't change that until now. Once I transition, and the logout gets sorted, they can visit me any time they want."
	I say, "There's a one in five chance you won't come out of there."
	Mirae says, "Those are good odds, because it leaves me with a four in five chance that I'll be fine. Better than fine because I'll be where I'm happiest... with people like you. This could be a one in a lifetime shot, and considering what I have to go back to... I'm ready to make this place my home. I want to be a Pioneer."
	I say, "Mirae just..."
	"This is my life. Let me have this. For the first time since I was eleven years old, I have a say in my own destiny."
	I can already feel her slipping away, a tear rolls down my cheek. She turns, takes some steps toward me, and wipes it away with her thumb. "I'm coming back." She says, "When I get back here you'll be my family. Big sister with a cool job, okay?"
	I sniff, and pray for no more tears because I want to be strong... for her. "Okay." I say, "I'm the tank, but you've got more courage than all of us." I hate that I'm letting her do this. "Give me a hug."
	She wraps her arms around my body, and I rock the girl in my arms, never wanting to let go. I commit her smell to memory, earthy, and perfumed. Like a proper elf from any fantasy. I whisper, "I'll be waiting" into the side of her head. I let go with a heavy heart.
	She says, "I need to get on with this before Tako comes back and gets sent for another respawn. I don't need that on my conscience."
	"Alright..." I say.
	She smiles, the most beautiful smile I've ever seen her make, and says "Thank you." I take a snapshot for later viewing. "Just sit tight for a few minutes, and I'll be right back."
	She turns, and enters the igloo.
* * * * *
	"Mirae, no!" A tiger roars as Tako leaps off his mount, and comes sprinting at me. It's a black cat unlike anything in the real world, with even blacker stripes.
	I say, "She just went in."
	Tako punches me in the shoulder, hard, but not enough to send me flying. There's no health loss, and I assume that's why we're not surrounded by city guardians. "How could you let her go?"
	"It was her decision." I feel like another person as I'm talking. "I couldn't have stopped her if I wanted. I tried to talk, but if I'd raised a hand to her, I'd be sent for respawn the same as you." I take a deep shaky breath, "All we can do is wait, and hope she comes out."
	"How long does it take?" Tako asks.
	"I don't know." I say.
	"Hey angels! How long does it take?" They stand silent and stoic as ever. Tako says, "It's taking too long. It's taking too long! She should be out already. How long can it take?"
	"She just went in." I say, "Give her a few minutes before we start jumping to conclusions."
	Minutes pass, I enable the clock in my user interface to keep tabs on it. Each second ticks painfully. The more of them that pass, the more uncertain I become in my stomach. I whisper, "C'mon Mirae, you're the strongest."
	Tako says, "She's not coming back. She's not coming back. How could you let her go?"
	How could I? It had seemed like the right thing at the time. Should I have pressed harder and made her angry at me, resentful? What would that have accomplished, she'd have just walked through the door anyway. Would she have? Was there anything I could do?
	In a quiet voice, almost too soft to hear under the ambient sounds of Durolan at night, I say, "I don't know."
	I hate waiting, each breath makes my heart beat in my ears a little louder, Tako's physically shaking. This can't be happening. I peer down the tunnel toward whatever awaits adventurers seeking digitization and see nothing. There's a closed wooden door separating the living from the great beyond. This... can't... be... happening.
	"Mirae!" I call, into the building, but no one answers. The angelic guards loom with their spears.
	"How long has it been?" Tako asks, his voice rattled.
	"I say, I don't know." and call again at the building, "Mirae!"
Mirae has gone offline.
	"NO!!!!!" Tako shouts, in a voice that sounds more beast than human. He collapses into my chest, sobbing. I feel the burn of tears streaking down my face.
	I killed her.
	In a voice so rattled that I hardly recognize it as my own, I say "You said that you would come out..." I sob, and pull Tako closer to my breast desperately needing human contact. I can't even imagine the guild without Mirae, and every time I try, thick crystal tears drop off my face. "Come back..." I whisper, "You will never be a burden."
	I collapse to my knees feeling seared and hollow, staring at the tunnel of no return. Tako sits cross legged beside me, still sniffling, and wiping tears from his face. We just sit and stare for over an hour hoping for a change. Sometimes my mind plays tricks on me as I think I see something moving at the end of the tunnel, but it's just a lie. A lie of my subconscious to give me hope, and make me feel better. It's not working. Every time I think my tears have dried up, I remember the elf's smiling face as she rode her first Elechopper, or danced with Tako, and more come pouring.
	"God sucks," I sniffle. "He takes us young, and he takes the best of us. Mirae was good, she deserved a fucking chance."
	A hand on my shoulder startles me. I look back and see Frobod looming over me, over us.
	"You weren't in the keep, and I saw she was offline. I'm sorry." His voice is somber.
	I sniffle and wipe my eyes. "What are we going to do? It wasn't supposed to turn out this way."
	A pause from Frobod before he says, "We go back home and plan her funeral. I can't agree with her decision, but she was our friend."
	Tako moans, "She's not gone. I can't believe she's gone..."
	"Neither can I..." I say.
	Frobod just nods, and extends his hand, helping me up off the street.
* * * * *
	The next twenty-four hours are spent planning the funeral, and reaching out to all of Mirae's friends via the guild mates she recruited. Most of them had already joined, but those more interested in socializing in town than going on adventures received their invitations to Cupcake Keep. Everything comes together fast due to us living in a digital environment, though Pehrom laments that he hasn't had more time to round up viable ingredients to make the most of his craft before the feast in her honor.
	Now we're gathered around a special corner of the garden that's been trimmed into a presentable state. I went back to Dragonswood Keep to collect her custom bow, which now serves as her tombstone, set on display among the roses, upon a magical 'rack' that makes it hover in air surrounded by a column of green light
her favorite color.
	I say, "Mirae was my first new friend upon coming back to Haven. She rescued me from some bandits, and then joined us for our first run through the Windroost. It's hard to believe that was just a few days ago, but in our time together she left a deep impression. She was a force of good in the world, thinking of others before herself, and wanting to leave this place a little bit better than she found it. She succeeded, with me at least, because I feel that I am a better person for having known her." I motion to all of the people she recruited, as well as the friends she didn't. "You guys were what were most important to her. She almost didn't join the Toxic Muffins because she didn't want to leave you. You're the reason that Haven became her happy place, and why she made the choice that she did. Those of you who know about her personal life know that this was where the best of her shined brightest." A number of her friends nod their heads, even in death not outing her disability. "Before she went in she told me I'd be her big sister. I hope I can live up to that title. I also hope that she's happy, wherever she is now, because she deserves it."
	I step aside and allow her other friends to speak, some of which have known her since the launch of this game. It makes me feel good to know that they at least know what happened to her, but my heart grows heavier knowing that I'm still not any closer to discovering Jordan's old friends. I will in time.
	A moment of silence for Mirae, and we all turn to head back into the keep. I'm not hungry, but Pehrom has worked hard to prepare a tasty meal, even if it does consist of wild game steaks, and hamburger. The goblin catches my arm as I linger toward the back of the procession.
	"Hey ahh..." He starts, sounding awkward in his New Jersey accent, "I just want to say thanks for what you're doin' here. A lot of people ya know, they hear about a girl like her, start callin' us Feebs n' shit, but not you. You're a good guild leader."
	"She was my friend." I say.
	"Yeah I know." The goblin says. "But I'm glad she brought us together, and I'm glad to be one of your Muffins. I know it ain't the same, but my kid game sister's got some healin'. She can take care of you."
	"Thanks." I say having not thought about who'd be replacing Mirae's heals in our groups. I just figured that since she recruited so many members, there'd have to be at least some heals among them. "Pohrum, right?"
	"Nah, that's my game brother. Pahrem's my sister."
	"I've seen her." I say.
	"Yeah, well... I'll make the introduction proper over dinner. So you can talk about what your planning."
	"Planning?" I ask.
	"Fuckin' Dragonsbane man. Get with the program. We're all here for two reasons, Mirae, and the fuckin' Dragonsbane quest. She wanted it. Best thing I can think while we're all here is to roll hard, and get us some golden stars."
	"The title..." I say.
	"You're damn right the title. Let's do it for Mirae, she wouldn't have split up our old guild if she didn't want it. We've got to make us the world first." I reach out, bend over, and give the little man a hug. He says, "Hey naw... What is that?"
	"Just my way of saying thank you." I say, "Being digital and all with her inventory off limits, there's not much left to hold on to, but if we can get that title and dedicate it to her... It's something we can always remember."
	"I know." the goblin says, "That's what I've been sayin'. First thing tomorrow we've got to be hunting dragons. Can't let some other guild beat us to it."
	"Fuck tomorrow." I say, imitating his speech patterns. "We're farming the Windroost tonight."
	The goblin says, "That's what I'm talking about."
