INT. COURTROOM -- MORNING 16
JUDGE ELIZABETH BREWSTER, a redhead in her 50s wearing
‘tortoiseshell glasses, is seated at the bench.
JUDGE BREWSTER
Is the prosecution ready to proceed?

18.
We see Judge and BAILIFF, COURT CLERK, STENOGRAPHER, and a
packed house of SPECTATORS separated from the action by the
fence-like wooden “bar.”
Owen Thomas sits at the prosecution table with a couple of
JUNIOR A.D.A.s who will be assisting him.
OWEN THOMAS
(rises to his feet)
Yes, Your Honor.
JUDGE BREWSTER
Let the record show that the defendant
and his counsel are present, and that the
jury is seated...
AT THE DEFENSE TABLE
ERIN sits between FATHER MOORE and RAY, her 30-year-old
assisting attorney. She glances at her watch for the first
time today -- and sees that it STOPPED AT 3:00 A.M..
Frowning, she winds it and resets it by the courtroom clock...
JUDGE BREWSTER (CONT'D)
Mr. Thomas, you may begin.
OWEN THOMAS
Thank you, Your Honor.
Owen approaches the JURY BOX, holding a thin MANILA FOLDER in
one hand. He stops behind a PODIUM that’s a few feet from
the jury box, and places the folder on top of it.
The JURORS are eight women and four men, plus TWO ALTERNATES
-- one male, one female.
Owen wears his game Tapes neutral, no smile or even the
slightest hint of casualness -- but not too imposing, either.
he speaks, he will, at some point, look each Juror in the eye.
OWEN THOMAS (CONT’D)
I'm Assistant District Attorney Owen
Thomas, and I represent the People of this
state. In this case, the evidence will
show that the victim had a serious medical
condition that demanded medical treatment.
We will prove that the victim's condition
rendered her physically and psychologically
incapable of caring for herself. Her care
was wholly entrusted to that man --
(points at FATHER MOORE)
-- the defendant, Father Richard Moore.
(MORE)
As

19.
OWEN THOMAS (CONT'D)
She became his responsibility. And he
betrayed that responsibility by persuading
her to abandon her medical treatment in
favor of “religious treatment” -- a ritual
“exorcism” performed by the defendant,
allegedly to cure the victim’s condition
by ridding her of “demonic” forces.
Saying this, when one might be tempted to adopt a sneering,
dubious tone, Owen's voice remains factual and unbiased.
OWEN THOMAS (CONT’D)
We will demonstrate that the resulting
abandonment of the victim’s medical
treatment directly resulted in her death.
By presenting you with this factual,
unequivocal evidence, the People will
prove beyond any reasonable doubt that the
defendant is guilty of negligent homicide.
Owen pauses, then steps out from behind the podium and stands
beside it, so there’s nothing between him and the Jurors.
OWEN THOMAS (CONT’D)
I said a few moments ago that I represent
the “People.” We all know what that means,
but it’s rather abstract, isn’t it?
His tone has changed now, ever so slightly: More familiar, a
trusted, authoritative voice sharing its observations.
OWEN THOMAS (CONT'D)
Ms. Bruner, the attorney for the defense,
is seated right next to the man she
represents -- and I have to stand here
and represent “the People.” But...that’s*
really not why I stand here today.
He pauses, and searches the jury members’ eyes. He comes across
like a man who feels deeply, but remains focused only on justice.
OWEN THOMAS (CONT'D)
I'm here on behalf of someone who can't
sit at a table, and look at you, and gain
your sympathy, day after day. Someone
who can't take the stand, and testify in
an effort to win your hearts and minds.
A person who trusted that man...
(again, gestures toward Father Moore)
~~ ..ewith her life. And died.
He opens the manila folder, and takes out A PHOTO OF EMILY:
It’s her high school senior class picture -- smiling, beautiful.

20.
OWEN THOMAS (CONT'D)
This is what she looked like before the
defendant began his “religious treatment”
of her condition. And this...
(reaches into folder again)
...is one of several photographs that
will be entered into evidence, taken of
her on the day that she died.
And now HE SHOWS A SECOND PHOTOGRAPH TO THE JURY...
THE JURORS GASP IN HORROR -- several visibly recoil from the
image in shock. A WOMAN JUROR in her 20s raises a hand to
her face, then quietly begins to CRY.
There’s a COMMOTION among the spectators as they crane their
necks in an attempt to see the photo -- but it’s no use: Owen's
body blocks the view of everyone in the courtroom but the jury.
OWEN THOMAS (CONT'D)
I’m here for Emily Louise Rose, who died,
horribly, at age nineteen.
All of the jurors having clearly seen the photograph, Owen
puts it back in the folder, smart enough not to overplay his
hand. Gravely, he stands there a moment, letting it sink in.
OWEN THOMAS (CONT'D)
You won't be able to see Emily sitting
before you, day after day, during this
trial. But I hope you will remember her
as she was when she was alive and full of
hopes and dreams...
(beat)
And, as she was when the defendant was ý
finished with her, and left her to die.
Owen gathers his folder and returns to his seat. There's a
considerable pause, punctuated by the MURMURS of the spectators..
JUDGE BREWSTER
Is the defense prepared to make its
opening statement?
Erin sits absolutely still for a moment, her brow slightly
furrowed -- calculating, absorbing Owen’s words. Then she
looks up at the Judge, and rises.
ERIN
Your Honor, I would like to reserve my
opening statement until the presentation
of the defense's case.

2i.
JUDGE BREWSTER
As is your privilege. The prosecution
may begin.
As Erin sits down, she notices Father Moore regarding her intently.
She leans toward him and speaks with quiet confidence:
ERIN
Don’t worry. That was already my plan.
OWEN THOMAS
The People call Dr. Edith Vogel. *
TIME CUT TO:
17 DR. VOGEL 17
seated on the witness stand: a tiny, bird-like woman in her
70s with sharp eyes and a small, clear voice.
DR. VOGEL
I’ve known Emily her entire life -- I
took care of all the Rose girls.
OWEN THOMAS
Can you describe Emily as you knew her,
growing up?
DR. VOGEL
She was a bit sickly in her early years.
She stayed inside a lot -- reading,
learning music...
OWEN THOMAS
Dr. Vogel, did you see Emily right before’
she went away to the University? i
DR. VOGEL
Yes. For the required physical exam.
OWEN THOMAS
Describe her general health at that time.
DR. VOGEL .
(shrugs slightly)
Perfect. A bit thin, my mother would have
said -- but, that is popular these days...
Mild LAUGHTER from the spectators, and several Jurors smile.
Owen notes this with satisfaction: They like this old lady...

22.
OWEN THOMAS
How did she feel about going away to school?
ERIN
Objection -- speculation. The witness is
not a psychiatrist.
. OWEN THOMAS
I'll rephrase. Did Emily talk to you
about going off to college?
DR. VOGEL
Yes. She told me that she was excited --
but nervous that she would be away from her
family in the big city, and not know anyone.
This was an overwhelming change for her.
OWEN THOMAS
Did this strike you as unusual, that
Emily would confide in you...?
DR. VOGEL
Not at all. Emily always said that I was
someone she. could talk to, even about
things she could not tell her parents...
They were very protective of her. They
even had mixed feelings about her going
away to university. But I had encouraged
her, helping with her entrance essay and
writing her a letter of recommendation to '
_my alma mater.
OWEN THOMAS
Did you stay in touch, after she went away?
DR. VOGEL
Yes. She wrote me a letter, saying that
she had gone to a dance and met a boy
named Jason. She didn't want her mother
to know -- she said that her mother did
not approve of dancing, and had warned
her about the boys at school.
OWEN THOMAS
And did Emily communicate with you again
last fall -- after you received the letter?
DR. VOGEL
Yes -- well, actually, it was her mother...

18
19
20
23.