
Table of Contents

Freehaven Online - Book 2 - Starting Weapons
Prologue - Far from Home
Chapter 1 - The Lost Champion (Part 2)
Chapter 2 - Let Them Eat Steak
Chapter 3 - Initiation
Chapter 4 - Preparations
Chapter 5 - Cerberus
Chapter 6 - The Road to Hell
Chapter 7 - Through the Gate
Chapter 8 - Welcome to Hades
Chapter 9 - Charon's Boat
Chapter 10 - Ashe March
Chapter 11 - Rage
Chapter 12 - Ashfall Crypt
Chapter 13 -  In Death We Are Parted
Chapter 14 -  To Pret Forest
Chapter 15 -  Haunted
Chapter 16 -  Coldwash
Chapter 17 -  All Aboard the Shroudmoon Express
Chapter 18 -  Keeping it Safe
Chapter 19 -  Deadscream
Chapter 20 -  Resurrection and Reunion
Chapter 21 -  Clutching Your Balzac, Gripping Your Longfellow
Chapter 22 -  Undying
Chapter 23 - Lady Thunderlord
Chapter 24 -  Home Again
Chapter 25 -  The Final Turn In











































Prologue - Far from Home

 A little over two weeks trapped in vi rtual reality, and I sometimes think
about my body. I'm still alive and don't f eel mind-fogged, so I can only assume
that someone's found my lifeless husk back  in Meatsville slumped in my beanbag
chair, and that I'm now on life suppo rt. Whether I'm occupying my old bedroom
in my parents' house with an IV and a private nurse, in some sort of  improvised
ward for company employees at HQ, or in a regular hospital with all the coma
patients is anyone's guess.  For now, I'm still breathing.
 Staying connected to Freeworld Online  this long messes with your head.
You remember the real world, but with ea ch minute that goes by you begin to
think of the game environment more and more  as your real home. It's like taking
a long vacation, when on day twelve of fourteen you think, "Do I still remember
what working's like?" Of course I do, but with NPCs acting more and more like
real people and our guild chef, Pehrom, co bbling together more tasty meals, this
place feels more like an actual location than a bunch of code stored on Freehaven
servers.
* * * * *
 Tako and I are facing off on the training grounds of Cupcake Keep. He
comes in with a quick strike with his dagge r in his left hand. I slip out of the way,
and counterattack with Bite, my electrified staff, which sends snakes of electricity
crawling over his leather armor.
 He says, "Damn! I can't hit you!"
 "That's the point." As an evasive ta nk, the best way to prevent taking
damage is not to get hit in the first place. I say, "Now come on at me."
 The boyish half-elf rogue disappears. I drop and roll for cover. Instead of
appearing right behind me as I would have done in his position, he re-emerges in
the shadow of one of the archery targets and hurls a knife in my direction. It nicks
me in the thigh, delivering a sensation like a muted bee sting.
 I flick my darksteel chakram at him.  The difficulty of the shot is high
because I'm uneasy on my knees, and he dodges to the left, leaving my pie tin
sized ring of death embedded in a practice dummy.  A few counts later it
disappears and a new chakram materializes  on my wrist in the way of in-game
ranged weapons. I can throw it about a hu ndred times before du rability hits zero
and I need a blacksmith to repair it.
 I scramble to my feet expecting more blades to come launching at me.
None do, and I get the hazy feeling the world's grown a little too quiet. I stand
taller, brush the dirt off my Swiftstr ike leathers, and wo nder why he's not
attacking.
 "No follow through?" I ask, "You could have had a few more hits on me.
Nice move, by the way, shadow stepping a different direction. I wasn't expecting
it."
 Tako looks like he's seen a ghost. Inst ead of talking, he holds the screen of
his virtual tablet (VT) toward me. He swa llows hard, and looks like he's about to
cry.
 I say, "Dude, what is it?" and pull out my own VT.
 I've toggled my user interface to fi lter most system messages out during
combat to avoid visual clutter, so I didn't see it at first.  The system message at
the top of my feed stops me cold.

Mirae has come online.

 Tako still hasn't found his words. His mouth moves, b ut no sound comes
out. I fill the void between us by saying  "Holy hell."  Mirae's dead, or so we
believed.  I fire off a quick message, or at least try to.

Melpomine: Mirae?

You cannot send messages to that player.

Melpomine:  Is that you?

You cannot send messages to that player.

Melpomine: Where are you?

You cannot send messages to that player.

 Tako says,  "I can't send her a message."
 "Neither can I." I say, and check her loca tion on my friends list. Instead of
the name of an in-game city, tavern, or du ngeon, the text in the location column
reads "Unknown." Beside her name, where there was once a blue cross
incapacitated icon, is the Oroboros; a serpent eating its own tail.
 Tako says, "Do you think it's her?"
 I want to believe, but it's scary. We had a funeral. Her bow serves as a
magically preserved tombstone in our gard en. I don't want to have hope and go
through the mournful battery of loss all over again.  It hasn't been that long so the
wounds are nowhere close to healed.
 Among her last words were "When I ge t back here you'll be my family. Big
sister with a cool job, okay?" but she never reemerged from the digitization
station like the other people who survived , sacrificing their re al lives to live
forever in a digital world.  The news said they were gone, and yet the alert kindles
a small ember of hope... miraculous, and terrifying.
 My frightened astonishment gives way to joy as I feel an expression of
wonder spread across my face.  I'm already clinging to the chance that she hasn't
appeared as a permanent digital resident  of Freehaven Online because all the
data containing her mind, character and em otions is locked away in a protected
folder somewhere.  She's online now, and unreachable. We have to find her
because it's a hell of a lot better than losing our friend forever.
 I say, "Let's go to the digitizati on station." instead of answering his
question directly.  I call out, "INFERNO!!!" and wave my middle finger in the air.
There's a pop of red like a supernova, and a powerful mechanical growl as my fire
Elechopper appears. It's a hot red motorcycle, that spits long tongues of flame out
its exhaust, powered by a fire spirit swir ling in a burning tornado within the gas
can.
 Tako nods, and says "Let's go." Instead of waiting for me to summon him a
bike, a practice that has become a guild tradition when we travel together, he
calls his great black war tiger mount, which is unlike any animal I've seen in the
real world.  It roars when summoned, and has a coat of black fur with even
blacker stripes.
  It only takes a few minutes to arrive at the digitization station and it's a lot
quieter than before.  The nightly protes ts warning players of the dangers of
undergoing the process died out after a half  a week when more or less everyone
had heard the news that it's not a guaranteed process.  We're alone save for the
stoic black angel guardians, and a little gnome that looks confused.  He's got
round ears, a ZZ Top beard that nearly touches the cobblestones underfoot, and a
wild hairstyle that sweeps forward over his forehead in imitation of a Nike
swoosh. I imagine our own expressions are much the same; bewildered and
hopeful.
 I ask,  "Looking for something?"
 The gnome looks down and sa ys,  "Nothing...  I just..."
 I give him a push knowing how intimi d a t i n g  i t  c a n  b e  t o  h a v e  h o p e .
"Someone you didn't expect to see come online?"
 The little man looks startled and says , "Yes...  Yes!  How did you know?"
 I ask, "Is it Mirae? Sea Elf, greenish hair, about this tall." I hold my hand
out for demonstration.  I hadn't seen th e gnome at the funeral, but I suppose it's
always possible that she had in-game friends we might have missed.
 "Mirae?" He asks. "No... I don't know  who that is. I'm looking for Jonah.
He's a half gnome."
 Tako says, "Well, have you seen a Sea Elf?"
 The gnome says,  "No...  I haven't seen anyone like that. I'm Magnus by the
way."
 I feel the urge to chortle seeing such a little guy with such a powerful name,
but the seriousness of the situation keeps the impulse under control. With a name
like Magnus you'd expect him to be a six foot tall hulking warrior.  I say, "Nice to
meet  you.  I'm Mel, and this is Tako. We haven't seen anyone like that since we
arrived."
 The gnome frowns, "I was sure I' d see him walking out of there."
 Tako's wandering, trying to get a look  along the side of the building, and I
say, "Me too."  I sigh.  "Of course it wasn't going to  be that easy."
 Magnus asks,  "You know someone that wasn't digitized too?"
 "Yeah."  I say, and motioned to Ta ko. "That's her boyfriend... Kinda. I
don't think they actually confirmed it. Can you send Jonah a message?"
 "No" he says.
I say, "Neither can we. It just says she's online, with an Oroboros next to
her name." I can tell from the gnome's cres tfallen expression, that he's seen the
same thing. "Why don't you add me to your contacts?  We can let each other
know if anything changes."


Chapter 1 - The Lost Champion (Part 2)

  Later that day, I'm sitting before three men, two in blue, one in cream
colored caster's robes. The table's round, but I'm sitting at one end, while they are
in a cluster at the other.  A jar of faintly glowing azure energy sits between us.

Essence of the Lost Champion (Limited Edition)
This item begins a quest.

Description:
A jar of faintly glowing energy that could wink out if
improperly handled. Someone in Durolan may find this
interesting.

 The man on the left strokes his white be ard, not bushy like Santa, but long
and narrow with flecks of gray. Both he and the Cleric have one, whereas the navy
clad mage in the middle is younger, and clean shaven about the mouth though he
has robust brunette side burns.
 The guy in the center, Rauel by his na meplate, says, "We are dealing with a
fragment of soul that can return one of the Lost to the living.  There is no
precedent."
 Lost.  That's what they call the permanently dead. The unfortunate NPCs,
and I hope PCs, who died and for whatever reason weren't eligible for respawn or
resurrection.  I'm hoping with all I've got that this may be a way to retrieve Mirae,
my new little sister from another mother, who said we'd be family in game just
before failing digitization.
 "Necromancy!" the elderly man with th e long beard and blue robe spits.
His name is Marulan. "Your plan is reckless and ill conceived. If we follow your
course we could create an undead horror that will plague us for centuries. Let the
dead rest in peace."
 The long bearded cleric in off-white clears his throat, "From a spiritual
standpoint, this is not necromancy, at least, not in the traditional sense of the
word. The spark contained within that jar is the antithesis of death magic, a pure
ember of concentrated life." His name is Aluwyn, Priest of Gaia, Lady of Life.
 "Exactly!" Rauel says, speaking more to his colleague than anyone else, "I
gather you all together, and the only person  to agree with me is the light blinded
cleric. We're magus alumni of the same ac ademy, if anyone, I should have your
support."
 "Not when you're spouting madness!" Marulan says.
 I've been watching these guys go ba ck and forth for the last hour on the
ethics and potential uses of this item. I clear my throat. "Ahem..." All three sets of
eyes turn to me, as if having forgotten I was in the room. "I've yet to voice an
opinion." I feel those old role-play bones st irring in my body. "As a Paladin of the
Sun Lord, and owner of the object in question, I believe I have some say."
 As soon as Aluwyn had been calle d into the discussion, I assumed my
Scootiwutams alias.  For just a moment, they saw me as a ripped dwarven paladin,
in full plate, bearing a shield with the sign  of Helios.  It's like switching to an
alternate character without having to log out.
 By revealing my alternate identity to these men, all of Scooti's in-game
reputation and social status had been  transferred to Lord Melpomine, my
primary alias, so far as these three me n are concerned. I've since reassumed my
Melpomine alias, thus taking on the or iginal appearance and mannerisms of my
half-elf martial artist.
 The mage with the long beard sounds  embarrassed as he coughs and says,
"Yes, of course, Lady Lord Melpomine. We  hadn't intended to exclude you." The
beginning of a smile tugs at the corner of  his mouth.  I have no doubt he expects
me to agree with him.
 "Of course..."Rauel says,  his voice sounds less than confident.
 "Before I speak, I want to be sure of one thing.  The essence, it is not
necessarily a fragment of a specific spir it. Correct?"  This is important because
we'd found the item before Mirae had a ttempted digitization. My heart can't take
finishing this limited edition quest, with out any promise of restoring Mirae when
I thought there was.  I need to know exactly what I'm getting into.
 Rauel says, "Yes and no, who can say? There's no proof that the essence
came from a living person one way or another."
 Aluwyn adds, "The essence foundation is  a building block of a living spirit,
the same as steel is to a sword. Say you find a hunk of formless steel. Might it
have once been a sword? Perhaps, but then it might also be just an ingot forged of
raw materials before taking on the shape of a weapon."
 "I see." I say, considering. "So, if we use this to bring someone back it
doesn't matter who we choose. This essence isn't paired with a specific spirit?"
 "Correct." Aluwyn says.
 Rauel adds, "We've done a lot of tests,  and there's nothing to indicate that
this was once a person."
 I nod. Except the name of th e item. Does it matter?  I don't think it does.
We have a tool, and I'd be foolish to waste it. I say, "I agree then."
 Rauel smiles, and Marulan stiffens in his seat, straight backed and aghast
at my pronouncement. He speaks in a carefully controlled voice, "With whom do
you agree?"
 I clarify, "Master Rauel and Aluwyn. In fact, I've already decided who to
use it on."
 Marulan says, "Now, just wait a min ute!  You can't just go off and do
something like this lightly."
 I say, "My essence, my deci sion. We don't need you. "

You have lost 500 personal reputation with Marulan.
Current level. Neutral.

 Rauel beams and rubs his hands together  like he's building a fire. He says,
"I supposed one individual is just as good as another." He grins at Aluwyn, "Just
think, we'll be doing magic that no one in living memory has ever done before!"
The old priest bows his head, though hi s body language is less manic than the
mage. "I follow the will of the Lady, and she has asked me to bring this girl to
life."
 "Wait..." I say, "This girl? I wasn 't aware I told you who we'd be
resurrecting."
 "This is no resurrection." Aluwyn says, "She will be reborn with great life."
 "Yeah, well... Okay," I say, "I understand, but who do you think I'm talking
about?"
 Aluwynn says, "Lady Mirae is favored by  the goddess.  Lost as she is now, I
will do my best to return her."
 My skin grows cold to hear the name  spoken aloud. I can feel the small
hairs raising on the back of my neck. I'm not scared, it's just my catch all
response to a brush with the uncanny. Of  course, the game could be aware of
what happened, our mourning, Mirae dying,  but the less rational part of me
imagines her lonely ghost placing a hand on my shoulder.   I'm coming.
 "So what do we have to do?"  I say.
 Rauel shifts in his chair uncomfortably.  "That's... a bit more difficult."
 "Tell me." I say. "There's no use holding back."
 Rauel and Aluwyn exchange looks, b ut Marulan responds, "You'll have to
go to Hades."
 I raise an eyebrow, having anticipate d something along these lines. In the
last week, my discussions with the mages have often touched on the afterlife.
However, I've never heard of a player actua lly going there. I ask, "Is that a place?
I mean, of course I've heard of it, but how do you get there?" Marulan looks like
he's about to say something so I hold up  a finger and say, "Without dying."  He
closes his mouth.
 Rauel asks, "May I see your map?" I push it across the table. "We believe
the closest entrances are here." He touc hes its surface with his finger, which
leaves a red mark in the way of games.  "And here."
H e  p u s h e s  i t  b a c k  t o w a r d  m e .   U n l i k e  a  l o t  o f  g a m e s ,   F r e e h a v e n  O n l i n e  u s e s
compressed versions of real world GPS ma ps as the basis for it's geography. I
whistle because both locations are in th e equivalent of the Southwestern United
states, meanwhile we are still north of what  would be California.   I say, "We're
going to need a portal."
 Rauel says, "... and I'll gladly provide one for you." Well, good.  That's one
worry taken off the list. "Once you're there, you'll have  to find the soul you wish
to bring back, and feed her the essence yo u've brought us.  From there you'll have
twenty four hours to get her to us so we  can complete the ritual.  You don't want
to eat the food of Hades, so you'd best go well provisioned."
 I ask, "How are we supposed to find her once we arrive?"
 Rauel just shrugs, and neither of the other men seem to have ideas.
 Aluwyn says, "That's something you'll ha ve to figure out for yourself, so I
advise you to go with strong magic."
 "Hades curse you if you bring back a monster." Marulan says.
 My virtual tablet buzzes. Havenfolk rema in indifferent, as if locked in time,
while I check the alerts.

You have completed The Lost Champion - Part 1.

The following quest is now available.

Limited Edition - Quest
The Lost Champion - Part 2
Difficulty:  Hard

To restore one of the Lost to the liv ing, you must enter Hades, the
underworld, where unknown troubles awai t. Find the soul you wish to
restore, feed it the Essence of the Lost Champion, and return to Durolan
where Marulan, Rauel, and Aluwyn await.

Warning:  After leaving Hades the ritu al must be performed within 24 hours
to complete this quest.

Objectives:
Enter Hades      0/1
Find Soul      0/1
Feed Essence     0/1
Complete ritual in Durolan   0/1

Rewards:
Return one of the Lost to the living.
Reputation:  +10,000 Reputation in Durolan
Point Break x 2

Cost of Failure:
Failure to retrieve soul from Hades
(Essence of the Lost Champion destroyed)
Ritual Fails, and Soul Becomes an Undead Monster
(-15,000 Marulan,  -5,000 Reputation Durolan)

Suggested party size: 5
This quest can be shared if you have five or less people in your party.

Do you accept?  Yes / No

 I tap "Yes."
 If we botch this and Mirae becomes a zombie or a vampire,  I can almost
guarantee that Marulan will be an enemy for life. Not the end of the world since
he's not the ruler of this city, but only a fool makes enemies of influential NPCs if
they don't have to. All three of these men are respected scholars. In Durolan
arcane knowledge is social clout, which translates to more than one kind of power.
 A few seconds later, a global alert fills my vision.

GLOBAL ALERT

The Realm of Hades has been unlocked and can now
be explored by all adventur ers! Who among you will
dare traversing the lands of the dead?

WARNING: Characters that are not undead or undying
who set their bind points within Hades will become Lost
themselves. Lost characters cannot enter the
Freeworld, or Haven without the aid of powerful magic.


 All adventurers? Does this imply that some adventurers already have
access to Hades, or have a few hopeful di gitizers been stranded there since the
digitization stations opened?  I attempt contacting Mirae.

Melpomine: Mirae?

You cannot send messages to that player.

Melpomine: Can you see this?

You cannot send messages to that player.

 Damn.
 I'd hoped unlocking Hades would allow messages to go through.  No such
luck. Apparently, short of visiting the underworld in person, it's no easier to
contact the Lost in Freehaven than it had been for me to speak to my dead
brother.
 I say, "I'll need a few days to prepare and gather a party."
 "Fantastic!" Rauel says, "Bring your group to the Lodge of Arcanum and I
will make a portal for you when you're ready."
 I ask,  "Do you have any id ea what we'll be facing?"
 Aluwyn says, "There may be undead just outside the gates, but once you
cross the river you should mostly encou nter spirit entities, or the dead
themselves."
 Thinking of the global alert I ask,  "... but undead can enter, correct?"
 "They can..." the old cleric trails, " ...but it is not their home. Vampires, for
example, would soon go mad from hunger as souls have no blood. Expect any you
find there to be little more than beasts."
 "Good to know." I say, while ment ally crossing off undead fighting
enchantments from my shopping list. "What do you mean by the river?"
 "There are five major rivers in th e underworld" Aluwyn says, "Acheron,
Cocytus, Phlegethon, Lethe, and Styx.  On e must be crossed or sailed to enter
Hades, and each possesses its own dangers."
 Rauel says, "The two entrances I mark ed on your map correspond with the
Rivers Lethe and Styx."
 I follow, "... and each entrance will re sult in a different kind of encounter."
 Aluwyn says, "Hatred and forgetfulness."
 "Oblivion."  Rauel amends.
 I say, "I'll keep that in mind while I'm preparing."
 Marulan says, "If that's all, I have more important things to do than help
you embark on a suicidal quest."
 I know a dismissal when I hear one so I stand, collect the essence at the
center of the table, and say "Thank you for your time."




Chapter 2 - Let Them Eat Steak

 I'm mounting my Firechopper outsid e when a red skinned man poofs in
front of me in a human-sized explosion of flame and dark smoke. He's wearing a
black tunic, has small horns and wolfish teeth.  His long whip of a tail that ends in
a two prong fork and his name plate reads, "Lorak the Messenger."
 The creature reaches into a deep p ocket, bows, and passes me an envelope
sealed in red wax.  He says, "Leroy Je nsen of the Malefactors guild sends his
regards."
 "Thanks."  I say. The demonic creatur e disappears in another gout of flame
as soon as the letter leaves his hand.
 The Malefactors? That's surprising. Their one of the top tier raiding guilds
i n  H a v e n .  I  w o n d e r  w h a t  I  c o u l d  h a v e  d o n e  t o  e a r n  t h e  a t t e n t i o n  o f  o n e  o f  i t s
members, let alone the likes of a pro gamer like Leroy Jensen.  The guy has an
entire in-game fan club that worships at hi s feet.  I break the seal to see what he's
sent.

LeroyJensen wants to become mutual friends.  Do you accept?  Yes / No

 Personal messengers are a bit more expensive than the normal in-game
post, but they find the recipient wherever  they are almost immediately and allow
you to make mutual friend requests at a distance so that you can send direct
messages to people you haven't yet encountered face to face.
 I choose "Yes," Then unfold the letter.

"Jordan? WTF man? Grats on the world first Dragonslayer title, but WTF?
The Muffins are still alive? Why aren't  you on anyone's contact list?  Did
you sell your account? Man, it's been  forever. Hit me up, when you get
this."

 LeroyJensen: Jordan, is that you?

 My breath catches. I'm just staring at my brother's name in the private
message because I don't know how to re act. This is the first person I've
encountered in game that knew him while he  was still alive.  I can't believe that
Leroy Jensen was a guild member, or at the very least, one of his friends. My
heart beats fast, and my hands feel shaky as I send my response.

Melpomine:  This is his sister.
LeroyJensen:  Oh, 'sup?  Where's Jord an.  I haven't seen him in ages. He
gave his guild to you?
Melpomine:  It's a long story.
Melpomine:  Can we meet? I'm in Duro lan heading back to Cupcake Keep.
LeroyJensen:  I just wanted to say hi  to Jordan .  Tell him to message me,
and that he's a dick for blocking me and everyone else.
Melpomine:  He didn't...  and I can't.  He's gone.
LeroyJensen:   Did he quit the game? What's he playing? If we ever get out
of here I'll look him up.
Melpomine:  Can't do that...  Find him in another game,  I mean.
Melpomine:  Were you friends? If you were, we really should meet so I can
go over things with you.
LeroyJensen:  Yeah, I guess. Alright, fine. Whatever. I'll be there in a few
minutes. Tell Cupcake to let me in.

 His use of the name "Cupcake" sends blasts of  topless redhead elf woman
in chainmail bikini bottoms coursing throug h my head.  I haven't used that name
for the personality attached to guild head quarters since my first night there and I
met the castle for the first time. Thereafter,   I've called that entity Alfred since
he... she... it... can also take on a male butler appearance.

Melpomine:  We call him Alfred now, and I will.   I'll meet you in the
lounge or dining room. If we're lucky Pehrom can whip up some lunch for us.
LeroyJensen:  Haven food tast es like crap. Who's Pehrom?
Melpomine:  He's our chef, and if he's around you're in for a surprise.
LeroyJensen:  If you say so.

 I fire off a message to our chef before the ride home.

Melpomine:  Incoming.  VIP guest. Are you available for some grub?
Pehrom:  Yeah, I ain't gone out yet.  Just checkin' out the garden. You
know, I need to get me some of that ea rth magic. Did you know they can make
plants grow in like a second?
Melpomine:  They can in Freeworld, but not many people do it.
Pehrom:  I just had a Havenfolk buddy of mine replenish the garlic,
tomatoes, and onions.  Months of growin' just like that.
Melpomine:  I look forward to seeing it.
Pehrom:  Who's the guest?
Melpomine:  Leroy Jensen.
Pehrom:  No shit, you know him?
Melpomine:  I do now, and he's comin g. I should be too. Putting the VT
away because I don't want to text and ride.
Pehrom:  I'll be in the garden.

 I call,  "Alfred!" as I step through the iron banded gate of my castle.  He
appears wearing a tuxedo in a cascade of purple smoke like a stage magician. A
pencil thin moustache decorates his upper lip.
 "Master."  He bows respectfully.
 "Do you remember Leroy Jensen?"
 "Yes, a former guild member." Alfred says, "He left six months after I last
saw your brother."
 I say, "So, he was a Toxic Muffin. I'll be damned."
 "Yes, master."
 "Anyway, he's coming. You have my permission to let him in, and escort
him to wherever I am at the time."
 Alfred asks, "Is that all, master?"
 I say, "Set the table for two since we'll be having lunch."
 I  e x p e c t  h i m  t o  d i s a p p e a r  i n  a  w a t e r f a l l  o f  s m o k e ,  a s  I  w a l k  t o w a r d  t h e
training area, which connects to the food garden, but he doesn't go. Instead he
walks, keeping pace with me.
 "There's a surprise in the mast er bedroom when you are ready."
 "Oh?" I say. Looking ahead, I can see a ll the plant life looks a lot more lush
than it did this morning. Bright green and red tomato vines crawl up trellises
along the wall of the courtyard. and heal thy shoots of garlic and onion plants
spring up from the earth.
 Alfred says, "The painting from the front hall has been restored. I thought
you might like to see it before deciding whether to return it to its original location,
or to house it in your personal quarters."
 "About damn time."  I say.  "Tha t thing's been torn up for ages."
 "My apologies master.  I have no excuse  except to say I grew a little mad in
those years spent alone."
 I feel bad about complaining upon hearing that. Even  though he's a
machine, I expect that Alfred's been more a person than other Havenfolk for
some time now. I've worked with advanc ed AIs for the last several years, and
know that they are capable of eliciting just as much, if not more, emotion than
some humans I've known.
 I say, "It's alright."  I want to let him know that I feel bad for leaving him
alone in a vacant castle for eight years, but it comes out as, "We're back on track
now."
 He bows, and disappears, in that collapse of purple smoke that I've been
expecting.
 I say, "Hey Chef!" as I approach the goblin in the garden.  He's wearing a
green apron, and a pair of yellow gloves . He's standing with  a human mage in
muddy brown robes. A translucent bumbleb ee the size of my fist buzzes around
spell caster like one of my vanity pets.  I laugh. "You look domestic."
 "What?" The big eared, green skinne d man says.  He has a New Jersey
accent. "You think I'm gonna dirty up my good clothes?"
 "Who's this?"  I ask, noting the mage.
 Pehrom says, "This is Hersevig.  He's  the grower I was tellin' ya about."
 I extend my hand, "Melpomine. I hear you've done wonders in the
garden."
 "Oh it's nothing." The mage says, "J ust a little plant magic know-how. I'm
glad to help a new friend."
 "Want a job?"  I ask.
 Both he, and the goblin look at me in surprise.  "What? We need skills like
this. If you want to join the Toxic Muffins, I'll save a spot for you."
 "I uhm... This is very sudden." The mage says.
 Pehrom says in an unconfident voice, "I'm not sure if Havenfolk can join
guilds. I've never heard of it."
 "Why not?" I pull up his nameplate, select him in my VT, and tap "Send
Guild Invite."
 Hersevig's  eyes go wide.

Hersevig has declined your invitation.

 "I'd have to talk about this with  my family, and we haven't discussed
terms..."
 Pehrom says,  "Did it work?"
 I shrug and say, "Looks like it."
 "Fuck." The goblin says, "The world re ally is changing. Who ever heard of
an NPC joining an adventurer guild?"
 I say, "I take it that's not supposed to happen?"
 He says, "I've never been a leader but... "
 I say, "Don't know until you try, I guess."
 Hersevig says, "It was good to me et you, but I'd best be going."
 Pehrom says, "See ya later."
 I say, "Nice meeting you." before he turns to make his way out.
 The heavy door squeals and shuts behind me.
 Pehrom says, "How the fuck do you know Leroy fuckin' Jensen?"
 "Ready to go in?"  I ask, as I begin drifting toward the castle. "He sent me a
demonic courier with a friend request after my thing at the Lodge of Arcanum.
After that it was just 'Congratulations on being the world's first Dragonslayers.'
and that he knew my brother."
 Pehrom asks, "So you haven't met him yet?" he's walking with me to the
keep.
 I say, "This'll be the first time."
 Pehrom says, "I'll see if we still have steaks. If not, at least we've got
chicken."
 I'm relaxing on the sofa when Alfred  escorts a human with two day stubble
into the lounge. He moves a few steps ah ead of the butler which tells me he's
already familiar with the layout of To xic Muffins HQ. I know who it is, but I
welcome him with a question.
 "Leroy Jensen, I presume?" He's wearing a red leather jerkin with the
burning hammer mark of the Malefactors guild emblazoned on his breast.
 He says, "You presume correct. He ne ver told me he had a hot sister."
 "Err..."  I say, "I doubt he'd ha ve described me with those words."
 Pehrom peeks in from the dining  hall and calls out, "Leeeeerooooooyyyy
Jennnnnssseeeen!" There's an awkward paus e. Before he continues, "....Guess
what, we have steak."
 "Thanks."  I say. "You're our hero."
 Now it's our guest's turn to look embarrassed. He gives Pehrom a pinched
smile before looking back to me and saying, "Is this your chef?"
 "It is." I say, "And he's amazing."
 Leroy asks, "What's your cooking at?"
 Pehrom says,  "Fuckin' goose egg! Cooking skill's bullshit."
 I say, "If you don't mind, can you turn off your feed if you're recording?
This meeting is personal."
 Leroy says, "Done."
 I say, "We've discovered a new way of cooking."
 Pehrom adds, "Name's Pehrom by the way."
 Leroy says,  "I saw your nameplate. Does it give buffs?"
 "Not really,"  I say.  "Just what you' d get from eating the basic ingredients.
Well fed, and all that."
 Leroy says,  "So what's the point?"
 Pehrom says, "Can you believe this guy? No faith."
 I say, "You'll see in a few minutes."
 Pehrom ducks out and I take a deep br eath.  Leroy settles on to the couch
beside me. My heart's beating faster. I don't want to beat around the bush,
because  I'm afraid that if I don't get to it now, I'll start rambling, and won't say
anything about my brother at all.
 "Jordan's dead." I say.
 A pregnant quiet that rings in our ears  befalls us. I'm stock still, he shifts
uncomfortably.
 "I..."  A false start from Leroy. "You mean... like for real?"
 "Yeah..." I say, my voice feelin g heavy. My body tingles under the
emotional realization that I've take n one step along the path toward
accomplishing my goal of letting Jordan's old friends know what happened.
 "Did he digitize?"  Leroy asks.
 "No." I say, "He's been gone some eight years now. If he were here now, I
doubt he'd do that. Not yet anyway."
 "Damn..." Leroy says. No tears, but I wouldn't expect them over a person
he hadn't been in contact with for so long. "I'm sorry."
 "Yeah, well..."  I shrug as if to say 'What are ya gonna do?' "Me too."
 "What happened?"
 "Hard to explain." I say. "A perfect storm of medication, physical exertion,
and an undiagnosed medical condition that caused a heart attack."
 "I just..." Leroy starts, "I can't even . We all thought he couldn't play the
game anymore, and maybe lost his ac count when he disappeared from our
contact lists."
 I sigh. "That was my fault. I called customer service to see if I could inherit
his account. When they moved the license to my email, all his friends were wiped,
and I just had my friends list."
 He says, "Damn... That explains it."
 I say, "This is a good day for me. Since I've been back in Haven, I've been
hoping one of his old guild members would see a Toxic Muffin running around
and send me a message. First step to letting everyone know what happened.  He
didn't forget about you."
 "Yeah well, being a world first certai nly helps." He says, "Your name and
guild are on the leader board. That's how I found you.  Anyone who checks it can
see that the Toxic Muffins, run by St abbies, Melpomine, and Scootiwutams
became the first Dragonslayers. I guess those are your alts?"
 "Yeah.  I have all his and my old characters in my aliases.  I don't think it'll
let me appoint additional leaders."
 Leroy says, "I'll spread the word around  to the people I still keep up with."
 I say, "Let em' know that the Toxic M uffins are reopen for business if they
want to come back.  We've got limited edition quests and all that."
 "What do you mean?" Leroy asks.
 "Dragonsbane Part One was a limited ed ition quest.  That's how we got the
title."
 "Really?"  Leroy asks,  "I th ink all guilds can do it now."
 I say, "Can you do part two?"
 "I don't think so."  Leroy says,  "I haven't heard of anyone getting the next
quest."
 "Huh..."  I say in contemplation. "Maybe  it unlocks for everyone once a LE
guild finishes it, or after some period of time."
 "Probably." Leroy says, "What kind of Limited Edition quests have you
had?"
 "We're on two now. Dragonsbane Pa rt Two and The Lost Champion. I'm
going to start recruiting today."
 The door leading to the dining room  swings open and Alfred pokes his
head in.  "Master Pehrom says your food will be ready in--"
 He's cut off by the goblin's holler of "Five fuckin' minutes!" all the way
from the kitchen.
 "Yes, that..." Alfred straightens his tie. "Five minutes." He then collapses
into a puddle of smoke in the way that he does.
 I say, "We better relocate." We stand to gether.  I hold the door for Leroy as
he passes into the dining room.  It's a long table that could easily sit twelve people,
but three places have been set with steel plates, and wooden beer mugs at the end
closest to the kitchen. "Sit wherever you want."
 Leroy takes the seat on the left, and I sit on the right, leaving the spot at
the head of the table empty. Leroy meets my gaze from his side of the table and
says, "What's 'The Lost Champion?'"
 "It's an underworld quest."
 "You mean like the global alert?"
 "Yeah... Actually, the alert sounded righ t after I accepted a quest to enter
Hades."
 Leroy looks thoughtful, and his voice becomes measured. I don't want to
call him greedy, but I can sense something like it stirring in his next words.
 "Is it guild only?"
 I think I know where he's going with  this, and to be honest, I'm shocked.
What does a recently casual player like me have to offer a pro-Gamer like Leroy
Jensen?  My voice is skeptical when I respond, "I don't think so, let me check."
 I open up the quests interface of  my VT, and sort by quest type.

Guild Quests
(Limited Edition) Dragonsbane (Part 2) - 4% Complete

Personal Quests
(Limited Edition) The Lost Champion - 10% Complete
New Magic - 0% Complete

 Looking over the short list, I say "It's a personal quest, but we obtained it
from a drop while completing Dragonsbane One.  Says it can be shared with party
members so long as there are five or less people in the party."
 "Add me." Leroy says. "It'll be great for ratings."
 This has me taken aback. You still care about ratings while we're stuck in-
game? I don't even know what to say. How can I not accept the help of someone
with such a high profile, and yet...
 I say, "We already have a tank." an d point my thumb at my own chest.
"Two other guild members have guaranteed  spots because they have a personal
stake in this. For the rest, I was planni ng to give Toxic Muffins members first
priority. I get that you're eager to explore new content, but why do you care about
ratings anyway?"
 "Whoa..." Leroy holds up both his hands in a placating gesture.  He must
have heard the sharpness in my voice. "We got off to a bad start.  Let's try again. I
didn't mean to be presumptive."
 I glance at the kitchen door, and then back to him with a raised eyebrow as
if to say "I'm waiting."
 He says, "First, yes I care about rati ngs because it's my income. I've got a
wife and child out there that are dependin g on me to earn the bread. Their need
for groceries hasn't stopped just because we're all trapped in game."
 Hearing him talk about his family re minds me of Frobod, one of my first
guild recruits, and how he wants so badl y to get back to his daughter. My heart
sinks for having not thought of that, being the loner in Meatsville that I am.
 "Second," he says, "The day afte r Archangel showed up, I made an
announcement and pinned it to the top of my channel.  18% of revenue generated
from my streams is being donated to a fu nd that I hope my wife has set up. The
money will go to players who are locked in game that don't have enough money to
pay for life support. We're lucky with al l the cost-free assistance we've had in
America, Canada, and the UK, but players in other parts of the world haven't
been so fortunate. I've recruited 29 ot her pro-gamers to contribute to the fund,
and have given them instructions for how their finance people in the real world
can get in touch with Lisa...  That's my wife . So yes, even though I'm still in game,
I care a hell of a lot about ratings."
 "Sorry..."  I say, sounding sheepish.
 "Also..."  He says, "I don't know how serious you are about building the
Muffins up again, but all th e dedicated airtime on my feed with a Toxic Muffins
group, will make recruitment easy."
 The kitchen door swings open and Pehrom calls, "Leeeroooooyyy
Jennnseeenn!" Leroy looks down and pinches the bridge of his nose upon hearing
his name.
 The chef's carrying all thr ee plates like a boss, in his chef's apron and poofy
Toque Blanche.  I see that all three meals are the same as he sets dishes in front
of Leroy, myself and the empty seat at the end of the table.
 Leroy says, "Smells good." as he pokes his meat with a knife.
 "Damn right it does." Pehrom says. "You 're lookin' at the best chef in all of
Haven."
 I amend, "All of Freehaven most likely. I haven't found anyone else that's
figured out the new skill."
 Leroy says, "I'll take your word for it."
 I cut a bite size chunk off the end, and close my eyes in  p l e a s u r e  a s  t h e
juices roll over my tongue and down my throat. Speaking right after swallowing, I
say, "What was this again?"
 Pehrom says, "Giant Lambox."
 I say, "Well, it tastes like angus beef."
 Leroy says,  "You guys are crazy." and eyes his meal dubiously. I don't
blame him, until now in-game food has had texture but tastes like nothing.
 "Try it."  I say.
 Leroy cuts his meat, as Pehrom open s his mouth for another cry of 'Leeroy
Jensen,' but our guest stops him with a ra ised hand. "You don't have to say that
all the time. I get it enough when I see the fan club. It's kind of annoying."
 "Oh."  Pehrom says, in an abru pt tone.  "Then take a bite."
 Jensen's eyes grow wide the instant the meat hits his tongue.  Instead of
commenting, he rapidly cuts more pieces , and begins shoveling them into his
mouth while he's chewing. Now he looks a bit like a chip monk, with a third of his
stake vanished into his mouth.
 "I almost forgot."  Pehrom says. He dips back into the kitchen and returns
with a basket of golden fries served over  a bright red handkerchief, and a pitcher
of amber liquid in the other. As he fills  our mugs, and sets the fries in the space
between us he says, "New oil.  Whatta ya think?"
 I try one, about the length of my index finger, it's crunchy outside, and has
perfect fluff within.  "It's good." I say, and then swallow. "It has kind of a....
mushroom aftertaste."
 Pehrom looks to Leroy who is still stuffing his face, and asks, "It's good,
ya?"
 Our guest takes a deep breath, still ch ewing, and drops his fork beside his
plate.  "That..."  He begins, working the last of the food down his throat, "Was..."
he pauses again for breath.... "The best thin g I think I've ever had.  Holy shit... I
thought we were doomed to tasteless slop forever.   How did you..?"
 "Special preparations..."  The goblin winks.  "Trade secret."
 "Actually..."  I say, "It was one of ou r other members that discovered it."
 Pehrom huffs.  "Way to take the fun oughta it."
 "This is amazing." Frobod sa ys,  "Like... A game changer."
 "We're still deciding what to do with the knowledge.  Let it out for free, or
make big bucks selling food to adventurers."
 "Let it out, whateva." Pehrom says  "Even knowing the secret, ain't none of
them gonna be as good as me."
 Leroy eyes the pitcher,  "Is that beer?"
 "Nah," Pehrom says, "If you're look in' for booze, you got the wrong guy.
AA - 12 years sober."
 I say,  "Congratulations."  not having known this about our chef.
 "Yeah, thanks." Pehrom says, "It's made me a better person, and a better
man."
 Leroy takes a swig of the not-beer drin k, holds it to his lips, and finishes
half the mug. He gasps a satisfied "Ahh!" as he returns it to the table. "Apple juice.
I'm not complaining."
 "Anyway..." I say, "So that's the ques t. We have a jar of essence that we
need to feed to one of the Lost in Hades, and escort the spirit back to Durolan."
 "Is this for Mirae?" Pehrom removes his apron and fills the empty seat at
t h e  t a b l e .  A  n o t e  o f   h o p e  s o u n d s  i n  h i s  v o i c e  w h e n  h e  s a y s ,  " I  s a w  h e r  c o m e
online, but haven't been able to send messages."
 "I think so."  I say,  "Or at least, that's what I'm hoping."
 Leroy says,  "Who's Mirae, and what's the reward?"
 I respond, "Mirae's our friend, one of the people who died during
digitization. Apparently, as of this morning, they all came back online, but no one
can contact them."
 "No way..." Leroy says. "I didn't have any friends who tried and failed so I
didn't know. "
 I say,  "The quest reward is to return one of the Lost to the living and two
point breaks.  I'm pretty sure it'll work on NPCs, but with those login alerts, we're
hoping it'll also apply to adventurers."
 Pehrom wipes the corner of his eye,  "Fuck... and we just buried her."
 "Actually...." I start to clarify things fo r Leroy, but the goblin cuts me off.
 "We had a funeral, is what I mean."
 I sigh, and say "Yeah, we did that." I look to Leroy and say, "That's what I
mean by 'This is personal' with the quest. Tako, her almost boyfriend, is coming.
I'd also like to bring Pahrem, who was also her friend, and now our replacement
healer."
 "You're a healer?"  Leroy asks.
 "Fuck no.  I'm Pehrom.  Pahrem's my kid game-sister."
 Leroy says, "You people are confusing. The double point break reward is
nice, even if there's no loot."
 I shrug, as if to say "You get used to it," and continue "You get some
Durolan rep too. That leaves two spots. I' d like to give Frobod a chance since his
alt was a necromancer. He might have something useful for the underworld.  Also,
he's obsessed with finding one of those lo gout quests, and thinks that chasing all
our limited edition leads is the best way to do it."
 Leroy says, "Can't argue with that lo gic... Which leaves one more person. I
understand better why this quest is pers onal to you but... I think we could do
good things if you put me in the group. The Malefactors are going to explore
Hades anyway, but right now you're the only one I know with a clue on how to get
there. "
 Pehrom says, "This guy wants to join  the quest?" Surpri se sounds in his
voice. "Fuck, Mel, you've gotta bring him. The adventurers in our guild ain't
chopped liver, but this is Leroy Jensen  we're talkin' about here. Leroy fuckin'
Jenson. Raiding shit's his fuckin' job."
 My esteem for the celebrity rises considerably when he doesn't
immediately agree with Pehrom. He says, "I 'll help where I can."  It's hard to
believe this man's fame spawned a legion of cacafuego wankers like Payneskill.
He continues "You can even be main tank. It'll be nice to go off-heals and DPS for
a while, and help the Toxic Muffins."
 "Off heals?"  I ask,  "Do you have a res?"
 He stands and bows from his side of  the table before retaking his seat,
"Paladin of Astraea, Lady of Justice."
 "That could be useful. I don't know if you saw the alert, but there's no
binding yourself in Hades unless you want to stay there permanently."
 Pehrom says, "Take him. This ain't the time for sentiment if Mirae's life is
on the line. Think of it this way. You're  buddies trapped in a burning car, and the
fire department's on scene. Do you tell em' to back off so you can play the hero, or
do ya let the professionals do their job."
 "I let them work." I say.
 "Yeah."  Pehrom says, "Well, it's the same shit. I know a lotta people who'd
want the final spot you got, but I don' t think any of em' wo uld risk Mirae not
comin' back just so they could be in the party."
 "You make a good point." I say, then  look to Leroy, "Consider your offer
cautiously accepted. Feels wrong to make a decision like this without even talking
to the others."
 Pehrom says, "They'll get over it."
 Leroy says, "Here, I'll sweeten the de al for you. For as long as we're
adventuring together, I'll give you free training on whatever skills and abilities I
can teach."
 That causes me to raise a brow, free instruction from a guy who got
famous by tanking is nothing to turn yo ur nose up at, and I ask "What's your
mentorship at?"
 Leroy says, "Just hit level five."
 "Not bad."  I say, having not ever imagined Jensen as an in-game tutor.
Sure, a lot of people have learned from his live feeds and uploaded videos, but
that shouldn't award in-game skill points.
 He asks, "What's your Stamina and Endurance at, and are you a clergy
member?"
 I check my VT.  "Stamina is currently  at... twenty.  Endurance is.... thirteen,
and my other alias is a Paladin of Helios."
 "Oh, I can work with that." Leroy sa ys, "To be honest I expected worse."
  "Alright." I say, "You can join the group. I've also got twenty four dex, and
martial arts ten."
 Leroy whistles, "Dodge tank, eh?" I st art to wonder if he's Canadian. "...
and Martial Arts too. Now you're talkin g dirty. What monastery did you learn
from?""
 "All my MA comes from the Freeworld Dojo."  I say sarcastically, referring
to the other half of the game that no natives of Haven have experienced yet.
 "Sweet," Leroy says, "Do you have Freeworld spells?"
 "A few." I say. "At my current rank , Flow Like Water allows ten health
levels of physical damage to go right through me."
 Leroy says, "I think you and I are about to become very good friends."

Chapter 3 - Initiation

 After lunch Leroy and I agree to meet back at Cupcake Keep in a few hours
to round up the party, and plan for our adventure. It's been a bother not having
access to divine spells while using my no n-Paladin aliases, so I'm now alone, and
ducking into a rustic temple of Sune, Go d of Travel and Lightning, to see about
becoming a clergy member.
 The sound of wind chimes fills the air—hundreds of them, hanging from
fragrant evergreens along a gravel path leading to a granite altar. A blue and
white clad priest is perched in a stall near the entrance.
 The man, Ariel by his name plate,  as ks, "Incense for the god of travel?"
 I browse his wares.

Basic Incense                                 20 Copper
This item is used for everyday worship.

Incense of the Stormlord                         10 Silver
Incense made of herbs that  are pleasing to Sune.
He may take notice.

Powerful Incense of the Stormlord       1 Gold
Blessed incense consisting of uncommon herbs
that are pleasing to Sune. Used when praying for
safe travels and good fort une. He smiles on such
offerings.

Supreme Incense of the Stormlord     10 Gold
Blessed incense containing rare herbs that are very
pleasing to Sune. Used in marital ceremonies,
before dangerous journeys, and when considering a
change of vocation.

Immaculate Incense of the Stormlord   500 Gold
This incense takes a full week for clergy to create,
and consists of the most  scarce herbs of Sune's
liking.  Used when seeking di vine intervention, or in
matters of state.

 I settle on buying ten sticks of Su preme Incense, and set them all to
smoking by thrusting the bunch into an iron  brazier.  The smoke twirls in the air
in streamers of  black, grey, and baby blue.
 Ariel asks, "Dangerous trav els in the immediate future?"
 "Yes," I say, "And also, maybe a change in vocation. Perhaps we can
discuss once I make my offering?"
 "You go right ahead."  He sa ys, "I'll be here all day."
 "Thank you."  I say, and then turn to continue along the path to the alter.
I'm listening to rocks crunch underfoot, and the gentle songs of  wind chime
metal as critters shake branches in the trees. Once there, I place my incense upon
the alter, and  kneel before the slab of gr anite. On the ground in front of me is a
polished, jellybean shaped rock with a lightn ing bolt etched into its surface.   Still
on my knees, I press my forehead to the sacred thunderbolt and close my eyes.

You are praying.  Do you want to of fer tribute to Sune , God of Lightning
and Travel?   Yes / No

 I choose "Yes."  Thunder rumbles in th e distance in spite of the cloudless
sky.  My incense vanishes like the face of a ghost, as a new icon appears in the top
left corner of my vision.

Blessed
Sune favors you.
+1 Dexterity
+1 Stellar Navigation
You've earned the respect of Sune's clergy.
Duration:  24 hours

 I bow my head and say, "Thank you" to the virtual god.
 "Now..."  Ariel says, as I begin to turn back. I jump, having not expected
him to sneak up on me. "How may I help you?"
 I say, "I want to join your order."
 "Oh?" Ariel says, "We can't just accept anyone who walks through our
doors.  Everyone of us must be proven in the eyes of Sune.  Tell me, do you follow
the road of the healer, or the path of the warrior?"
 "I'm a warrior." I say, assuming th is will unlock the paladin quest.
 "Are you now?" Ariel says, "Not a ll warriors can become one of Sune's
Thunderlords. You must embark on a jo urney that shows that you can embody
his code. Bring me a trophy from a far off land and together, we will offer it to the
Stormlord. If your sacrifice is accepted, you may join our number."

The following quest is now available.

Quest - Thunderlord
Difficulty: Moderate

To become a Thunderlord in Sune's servi ce, you must travel to a far off
land, and return to the temple of Sune  in Durolan with a trophy which will
be sacrificed on his alter.

This journey must be completed in a way befitting a member of Sune's
clergy.

Objectives:
Return from Journey    0/1
Offer Tribute (once every 24 hours)  0/1
Sacrifice Trophy     0/1

Prohibitions:

Sune's thunderbolts are long and fa r reaching. You may not use any
weapon in battle that is less than 35 inches in length until this quest is
completed. This prohibition does not apply to ranged weapons.

Rewards:
Title:  Thunderlord
Reputation:  Clergy of Sune (Honored)
Ability to Cast Divine Spells
+5000 reputation with clergy of allied deities.

Cost of Failure:
Cannot attempt to join Sune's clergy for six months.

Do you accept?  Yes / No

 I choose yes and say, "I accept."
 "Wonderful!"  Ariel says.
 I ask, "What is considered tribute to the Stormlord?"
 We begin walking back to the incense stall as he says, "A stick of basic
incense should suffice."
 "Alright..."  I say  "I'll take a hundre d since I have no idea how long I'll be
gone.  What happens if I don't have any incense on hand to pay tribute."
 Ariel says, "Incense is not strictly necessary to pay tribute, though it is
certainly the most common. If you're lacking incense, press a symbol of the Lord
to your forehead, and dedicate an act of sa crifice to him. The faith is a matter of
feeling, not logic.  A true priest will know if their dedication is worthy." He places
something cool, round, and weighty in the palm of my hand, about the size of a
stress ball, and shaped like a bar of soap. "Use this to make your dedications."  I
look to see that it's a miniature version of the polished stone before the alter, with
Sune's lightning bolt engraved on its surface.

You have received Meditation Stone (Sune).

Meditation Stone (Sune)
Used in prayers, and offeri ng tribute to the got of
Lightning and Travel

 "Thank you." I say. The shiny rock di sappears into my inventory. I also
hand over five silver for the bundle of basic incense which quickly joins it. "It's
exactly what I needed for my travels."


Chapter 4 - Preparations

 Back at the keep, Leroy and I are on the training grounds, He showed up a
half hour before the scheduled meeting and is already making good on his offer to
train me for the duration of the quest. I've decided to keep quiet about it so as not
to ruffle feathers about who is and is not going.  My hope is that when we return,
everyone will be so happy to see Mirae,  they won't think about whether or not
they had a direct hand in the rescue mission.



LeroyJensen wants to teach you Shie ld of Harmony, Au ra of Emptiness
(Rank One). The cost of this instruct ion is 0 gold, and will require 10
special ability points.

You currently have 124 unspent special ability points.
Do you accept?  Yes / No

 I choose yes.
Shield of Harmony, Aura of Emptiness (Rank One)
Cost: N/A
Target:  Self Only
Duration: 1 Hour
Requirements:
Martial Arts: 5, Stamina: 12, Endurance: 7
 Your soul has evolved to a perfect stat e of harmony
with the universe, which allows you to shrug off the
effects of magical and el emental attacks that would
leave lesser warriors crippled. You are surrounded by a
shield of emptiness that protects your harmony and
prevents hostile forces from breaking through.

Effect:
While Aura of Emptiness is active, incoming magical
and elemental damage has a 7% chance to be nullified
before rolling to resist damage.
 Leroy says, "At level five you'll get a flat thirty percent reduction to magic
and elemental damage, plus twenty pe rcent damage reflection from those
sources."

Aegis (Rank One)
Cost: N/A
Target:  Self Only
Cooldown: 7 Days
Requirements:
Stamina: 20, Endurance: 10
You are the embodiment of toughness.  A half-elven
mountain.  Invincibility personified.  Nothing harms you.

Effect:
When you take fatal damage, you may activate Aegis
which reduces all incoming damage to you to zero thus
preventing you from being des troyed. If you are in
combat, this protection la sts for twenty seconds and
does not reduce your threa t. When activated outside of
combat, you become invulnerable for five minutes.
You still suffer from non-damaging harmful effects.

Aegis must be activated within three seconds of taking
fatal damage .


LeroyJensen wants to teach you Aegi s (Rank One). The cost of this
instruction is 0 gold, and will require 10 special ability points.

You currently have 114 unspent special ability points.
Do you accept?  Yes / No

 I choose yes.
 Leroy says, "Normally I'd ask for a demo nstration by trying to blow you up
with something ridiculously overpowered,  record it, and rake in the big bucks,
but with a one week cool down you're goin g to want to save it for the quest. At
rank five, you can use it once every six hours and have fifteen  seconds to decide.
At level three, you can sacrifice a perm anent point of endurance to reset the
cooldown. Not worth it if you ask me, unless you're about to make a world's first
kill for a golden title."
 Reading over the skill again, I'm starti ng to see some broken possibilities.
"Does this mean that I could activate it before a boss fight when I'm out of
combat, and be invincible for five minutes during the battle?"
 Leroy says, "It doesn't work like that. As soon as someone attacks you, it'll
consider you to be in combat, and you'll just have twenty seconds. Believe me,
I've tried. To get the five minutes of invincibility, the damage has to be
environmental."
 I say, "I guess that makes sense." Considering that most bosses, excluding
the ones you fight in ten plus player raid s, go down long before five minutes are
up, it'd be a bit OP to give tanks an abil ity that allows them to avoid all damage
for the duration of the fight.
 Leroy says, "I've also got a divine spe ll to get you started, if you want to
switch over to your Paladin alias.  It requires you to be a clergy member."
 "Hold off on that one" I say, "I just visited the te mple of Sune about their
initiation quests. I'll be a clergy member when we get back."
 "Why Sune?" Leroy asks.
 "It fits the storm theme that I've been  building on this character. Lightning
staff, lightning gloves. I even like the travel angle since I'm one of the only
adventurers I've seen with stuff you can only get in Freeworld."
 "Whatever you want."  he says.  "It's a spell that helps you gain more threat,
by damaging magical opponents each time they attack you."
 I say, "I'll let you know as soon as I become a Thunderlord. Worse comes
to worst, I'll switch over to Scooti later, but for now I'd rather save the points."
 Level One special abilities aren't too expensive, ten points when you pick
them up, but thereafter they cost seven time s your current rating with a teacher,
and fifteen x without.  Those one hundre d plus points I've been banking could
disappear fast if I'm not careful.
 Leroy says, "I'll have a better idea of what to do with you once I see you in
action, but I'm probably going to recomme nd you pump Shield of Harmony up a
few levels so you can reflect spell damage.  It helps a lo t when it comes to holding
agro on casters that are out of range."
 I say, "My staff has an AoE taunt.  I usually use it to gather up the melee,
and then shadow step behind ranged, so they follow me."
 "Not bad." Leroy says, "I'm surprised you have that, but it won't work if
there are multiple ranged targets that are spread out. A good tank isn't going to
need an off-tank in most fights 'just in case.'"
 I shrug, "I'm working up to it. There's only so many points to spend."
 Leroy says, "How's yo ur non-divine magic?"
 "It's like I said, I've got some Freewor ld spells, mostly martial arts based,
and nothing from Haven since I never played a caster here."

LeroyJensen wants to teach you Ha ven Arcane Magic (Rank One). This
ability allows you to learn first level  arcane spells. The cost of this
instruction is 0 gold, and will require 10 special ability points.

You currently have 104 unspent special ability points.
Do you accept?  Yes / No

 I choose, "Yes."

LeroyJensen wants to teach you Haven  Elemental Magic (Rank One). This
ability allows you to learn first level elemental spells. The cost of this
instruction is 0 gold, and will require 10 special ability points.

You currently have 94 unspent special ability points.
Do you accept?  Yes / No

 I choose yes.
 Leroy says,  "How many points do you have left?"
 "Ninety-four."  I say.
 "Alright, lets wait until we fight so mething before you learn spells. I can
teach you Mage Shield, all th e size altering effects up to Super Size, and down to
Micro, and Fire or Acid elemental weapon. You don't really need me for this since
you can get all of them except Acid in town now that you have the base abilities."
 I ask, "Do you have anything from Freeworld?"
 Leroy says, "Not much."
 I pull up my VT and bring up my list of Freeworld spells, I tap "Flow Like
Water," find the instruction icon, but it's grayed out like our logout button. I say,
"I was going to teach you Flow Like Water, but I can't yet."
 Leroy asks, "What's your mentorship at?"
 I laugh, "Zero."
 He says, "That's why. Try to teach a few people how to use your primary
weapons, or really any other skill, and you'll get it automatically. Then practice
teaching until you hit level two. At that  point you can teach level one spells and
special abilities."
 "Damn."  I say, "I kinda wanted to pay you back for what you just taught
me."
 "Don't worry about it." Leroy says. "Helping you is helping me. If I'm
gonna DPS, I want a good tank to be a monster magnet and soak up the damage.
We can't have us wiping every pull while I'm live streaming." He chuckles, "Well,
I guess we could, but you might find yourself the star of a bunch of Hades fail
videos."
 It's at this time that I see Frobod lumbering through the front gate with his
greatsword strapped to his back, and the sun glinting off his black Deadplate
armor. The chest piece looks like the to p half of a skull with the lower jaw
removed. I say, "That's one of our other party members." and shout "Hey
Frobod!"
 "He the necromancer?"  Leroy asks.
 "Yeah." I say, as the burly man look s our direction and begins lumbering
over. "You've got a lot in common, which is to say you've both got families to get
back to."
 "You don't?"  Leroy asks, as Frobod comes within earshot.
 I say, "Lets just call me a craz y cat lady without any cats."
 "Which means...?"  Leroy says.
 I say, "Total loner."
 "You don't seem like it."  Leroy says.
 Frobod says, "Hey." and then pauses , and takes in Leroy's appearance. "Is
t h a t  L e r o y  J e n s e n ? "  H e  s p e a k s  a s  i f  h e isn't even here, just another piece of
equipment.
 "Yeah."  I say. "He's been sharing some  skills. He's also coming with us on
the Lost Champion quest assuming you're still interested."
 "Oh yeah. You had the meeting today. How'd that go?" He extends his
hand, "I'm Frobod by the way."
 Leroy shakes it, and says "Good to meet you."
 He must be putting on a nice face for our guest, because he's been glum
ever since the first leg of Dragonsbane di dn't give him the re ward he wanted, in
the form of a logout button. As far as an yone knows, no one has discovered the
quest to end our virtual imprisonment. Frobod continues, "Yeah, I'm in. What's
the quest?"
 "We're going to Hades." I say, "Global alert sounded right after I
accepted."
 "Hades..." Frobod says, sounding con templative. "The new zone.  Maybe
that's where all the log out quests are hidden."
  I give Leroy a look as if to say, "See? Told you. This guy's got a one track
mind." and then say, "Who knows?"
 Leroy says, "No one until we get some parties in there."
 I say, "I'll go over the details when Tako and Pahrem get here. That way I
don't have to keep repeating myself." Frobod laughs, and I say, "What?"
 "Tako..." He responds. "I can't wait  to see his reaction to Mr. Leroy
Jensen." Jensen cocks his head, inviting an  explanation. "He's not a fan of your
guild."
 Leroy says, "What's he got against th e Malefactors, did we reject him or
something?"
 "The other one." Frobod says, "The Leroy Jensen Fan Club."
 Leroy purses his lips. "That's not my guild." He doesn't say it out loud, but
there's an unspoken current beneath his words that makes me think he wants to
say, "I don't like them either." I imagin e being a pop star and deathly ashamed of
what should have been an annoying one hit wonder.
  My mouth grows tight with a smirk when  I say, "You'll either love or hate
each other. In either case, it'll be intere sting." I check the time  on my VT and see
we've got three minutes until the meeting starts. "Let's go in. They'll be here
soon."
* * * * *
 We're in the lounge when Pehrom po ps his green nose in and says, "Mind
if I drop in?"
 I say, "You're in the know, so I don't care."
 Pahrem, his in-game sister has joined us, so we're just waiting on Tako.
She has green skin, light freckles, enor mous ears, and wears a brown garment
that looks like the bastard love child of a mechanic's overalls, and a wizard's robe.
She says, "Straight into Hades. This is go nna be awesome. Ain't no one's seen the
underworld yet." Like her brother, she us es the default goblin voice filter which
gives her a New Jersey sounding accent.
 Tako comes in a few minutes later suck ing on an apple juice popsicle from
the kitchen. "Sorry, I'm late." He crashe s his whole body on the couch in a way
that makes my side of the seat poof up for a just a moment. He makes a loud
slurping sound, and pulls the frozen trea t from his lips. "Is Leroy Jensen sitting
in the love chair?"
 It seems that a byproduct of being a ce lebrity is that people talk about you
like you're not real in private settings.
 "Yes."  I say, "He's coming with us for the quest."
 Tako says, "I thought you were tanking."
 I say, "I am... Besides, you don't ev en know what the quest is yet."
 "Yeah well..." Tako trails, "You're always tank."
 Leroy says, "I'll be on off-heals and DP S, unless our leader says otherwise.
I've got a res."
 "Huh..." Tako says. I'd expected him to be more animated. It makes the
stiffness in his voice all the more funny. "So what's the quest?"
 I pull the Essence of the Lost Champion from my inventory for
demonstration, though everyone present ex cept Leroy has seen it.  I say, "Party
up." and send invites out using my VT.

TakoStar has joined your party.
Pahrem has joined your party.
LeroyJensen has joined your party.
Frobod has joined your party.

 I go to the quests menu, select "The Lost Champion" and tap "Share
Quest."

LeroyJensen has accepted your quest.
Pahrem has accepted your quest.
TakoStar has accepted your quest.
Frobod has accepted your quest.

 I give them a chance to read it over.
 "So..." I begin. "We don't have to worry about finding it, because Rauel
over at the Lodge of Arcanum has already agreed to port us to a location where
we'll find a gate taking us into the underw orld. Once we're there, we've just got to
find Mirae, feed her what's in the jar, and bring her back to Durolan. When we
leave Hades, we've got 24 hours to get her back to the lodge to complete the
ritual."
 "She's your friend."  Leroy says, "Do you guys have any idea of how to find
her?"
 Pahrem says, "I tried scryin' but it do n't work. Says ya can't scry on this
character."
 I say, "We'll see if that changes once  w e ' r e  i n  H a d e s .   I n  t h e  w o r s t  c a s e
scenario, I have a Freeworld spell that might help but... I don't like using it."
 "What's wrong with it?" Tako asks.
 "Makes me angry. It's were magic, and Freeworld races have nasty
weaknesses."
 "You play a werewolf?" Frobod asks.
 "Wererat actually, but I barely put any time in on her because she's a loose
cannon. One minute you're fighting, the next all you see is red, and you're
attacking anything that moves."
 Tako says, "Shouldn't you still be a wererat now, since all our stats
merged?"
 "That's..." I trail,  "A very good observation. I haven't even tried skipping to
one of my Freeworld-Super aliases. If I have to guess, their abilities and
weaknesses won't work unless you are in that skin. The weaknesses are a lot
harsher than the racials we get in Haven, and all their powers tend to be linked to
their character types. I mostly stuck to  playing a Freeworld human-Mage so I
wouldn't have to deal with them."
 Frobod says, "We're moving off topic. Where's the entrance?"
 "Thanks." I say, glad for being set ba ck on task. "There are two 'nearby'
entrances, and they are far."
 "How far?" Tako asks.
 I say, "Get on an airplane or buy a Hy perloop ticket in the real world, far."
 Someone whistles, but I'm not sure who.
 Leroy says, "Good thing we've got that portal. If the entrance is near a
major city, we can probably find someone to port  us back."
 I say, "If I switch to caster gear, I should be able to chain us all with a
Thunder Bridge."
 Leroy asks,  "Sounds like Freeworld stuff. I don't know that one."
 Frobod says, "You know that roller coaster that made you puke all over a
total stranger when you were a kid?"
 Tako says, "Can't say that happened."
 Frobod continues,   "It's like that, but way worse."
 I say, "It's like the Freeworld version of a portal.  You call down a bolt of
lightning, and then ride it to your destination."
 Leroy looks impressed. "Bad ass.  You need to get your mentorship up so I
can learn it."
 I say, "More immediately however, we  need to decide which entrance to
use. We've got to cross a river to get in to Hades, and the gateways correspond to
the rivers Lethe and Styx."
 "What's the difference?" Leroy asks.
 "No one knows because no one's ever been there." I say "... but the theme
of Lethe is forgetfulness and oblivion, and St yx is hate. My gut feeling is that Styx
will be more violent, but that doesn't mean that Lethe won't be challenging."
 Frobod says, "My vote's for Lethe.   It sounds more interesting."
 I shrug and say, "It's all the same to me, though I am curious to see how
they'll turn forgetfulness into a game event."
 "Whateva ya want."  Pahrem says.
 Tako says, in an uncharacteristically serious voice, "My vote's for Lethe too.
This whole guild's founded on memorializin g. First your brother, and now Mirae.
I like the idea of fighting the forces of being forgotten."
 I could kiss him in that moment for remembering Jordan, and say,
"Thanks. I change my answer. My vote's for crossing the River Lethe."
 "This place has changed." Leroy says, "This used to be a clubhouse where
we could do raids whenever and shoot the shit. It wasn't always so serious."
 Tako asks, "Leroy was in the guild before?'
 I give him a nod, turn back to Lero y and say, "Yeah, well... Death happens,
and one of those people doesn't have a chance to come back."
 "I feel ya," Leroy says, "It's just weir d to be here and not have your bother
pushing alerts to everyone to start shit."
 "That sounds like something he'd do."  I say, "There were a few guild alert
macros before the update.  Something about a guy called 'R-Twined' being a 'PvP
Dick,' and some other person murdering kittens."
 Leroy laughs, "I don't remember R- Twined... I guess the name's a little
familiar, but that masturbation thing wa s a long running joke . We were getting
ready to run Blackscythe when his mom bust in his room and he was forced to log
out. Jordan called him when he DCed and heard his mom yelling 'Put yer pants
on! I ain't payin' your subscription so you can do things with make believe nekkid
girls. Tomorrow after religion you go talk  to Pasta Joe.' followed by 'Gotta go.
Bye.' Pretty much every time he wasn't paying attention afte r that, your brother
sent us all a message about not killing kittens."
 Pahrem says, "I don't get it."
 Tako explains, "God kills a kitten ev ery time your masturbate. How do you
not know that?"
 Leroy says, "Maybe it's not common knowledge for the ladies but yeah,
back then everyone knew that meme."
 The comment is a new door opening up on Jordan's past that I never knew.
I was always aware of the meaning of the joke, but not the story behind it.
Hearing Leroy reminisce breathes life in to my brother's memory so that I can
imagine him in the next room.
 I say, "If you still know other guild members, I'd appreciate it if you could
connect us."
 Leroy says, "I've been thinking ab out that, and got you covered. I think
when I announce the quest I'll say some thing live to commemorate him, and
anyone who sees and remembers will know who to contact."
 "Thanks..." I say, feeling the warmth of gratitude. It's a big step toward
letting all his friends know what happened. "I really appreciate it."
 Leroy waves his hand. "It's nothing.  It's like I said, we were friends. You
can deliver the message yourself if you want."
 I look to Pehrom, who has been quie t until now, and say "I'm promoting
you to officer.  Recruit whoever you need for the kitchen.  I have no idea how long
this quest will take, or if we'll still be in  contact so we need to have someone in
Haven who can make decisions. I trust your judgment." I make the changes in the
guild section of the VT and say, " I hear the rank gives your room a hot tub."
 He says, "Thanks boss."
 "Enjoy." I follow, "Use what you need  for food, but I'll be pissed if I come
back and find completely empty coffers. "
 Leroy asks, "How are we on provisions?"
 Pehrom says, "I've got some jerky and dried fruit for ya.  Beyond that,
you're stuck with what the Havenfolk give ya."
 I say, "I bought a lot of incense fo r my Thunderlord quests, and I want to
swing by Dragonswood Keep to check on my quest reward."
 Leroy asks, "From Dragonsbane?"
 I say, "Yeah, the local mage is designing a new kind of enchantment for
footwear, to add damage to my kicks."
 He says, "Not the most tanky option , but kinda cool that you get a unique
enchant.  What kind of damage?"
 I say, "It'll either be light or holy. We'll see about the rest. He's studying
my monk gloves and working from there. "
 Tako asks,  "Should we bring Mirae's bow?"
 The room goes quiet. No one's touched her Dragonsbane reward since the
funeral, in fact Mirae herself hasn't even seen it since it was being crafted while
she died.  Frobod says, "It's not like we've got limited bag space.  I say we bring it.
It'll help her damage when we're escorting her back."
 I nod reluctantly, while I certainly don' t have a problem with arming Mirae,
moving the bow from her memorial mount in the garden feels like an act of
desecration. I know we can always put it back, but it feels wrong to disturb her
shrine until I know she's really coming ho me. Then again, if she dies on the way
back on account of not being able to protect herself.  It'd be a shitty way to fail the
quest.
 Leroy says, "She an archer? Add arrows to the list then."
 "That and heals." I say.
 "That does it then.  I say we spend the rest of the day to pick up any last
minute things we need in town, get a good night's sleep, and then get moving
tomorrow early afternoon." Then to Leroy I say,  "You're welcome to one of the
guest rooms if you want to stay overnight."
 "Oooh.. Swanky."  He says, apparently  remembering the cushy atmosphere,
but then says, "No.  I've got to get back to  Malefactor HQ.  I'll get you guys put on
the approved visitor list in case someth ing comes up, and I've gotta let everyone
know I'll be gone for a while. Also, FYI, I won't be joining you as Leroy Jensen.
I'm going to use a disposable alt until we'r e in Hades to avoid stalkers and public
fan-girling."
 "Alright, what do we look for?"
 "Let me see..." Leroy says, scrolling through his VT.  "How about this guy?"
He stabs a button with his index finger, and a cyclone of burlap colored magic
spins around him, stripping away his cr imson leathers, and replacing them with
starting gear. Instead of the human we'v e come to know we're staring at a four
foot tall man with slightly pointed ears and big hairy feet;  a hobling. The race is a
bit taller than a gnome, and more human in their appearance.

I check his nameplate.

Butt-Trumpet
Type:                      Player
Race:                     Hobling
Appearance:             4
Challenge:           Extreme

 "You want us to travel with a guy named Butt Trumpet?" I ask.
 Leroy says, "It's a throw away character. I'll go back to Leroy once we're
inside, and unlikely to bump in to other adventurers. I don't usually release the
feeds until five to ten days  after exploring new territory  so we're not overrun by
people trying to catch up."
 "Alright." I say, "I'll make sure  Cupcake puts Butt-Trumpet on the
approved list."
* * * * *
 It's the first time I've been in the master bedroom since  Alfred warned me
of a surprise. A covered canvas awaits me right in front of my bed. I remove the
sheet used to obscure it and my breath ca tches. I'm staring at my brother's high
school year book photo, filtered and supe r imposed on a fantasy portrait to make
him seem more heroic.
 A sad smile touches my face as I care ss the canvas with my fingertips. The
portrait is so like Jordan, his high sch ool boy face dropped on to a fantasy body
that could break mountains.
 I whisper, "Thanks Alfred," wondering if any of his Toxic Muffins realized
what a shrimp he was offline.

Chapter 5 - Cerberus

 I touch down in the center of Lord Zarentu's courtyard in Dragonswood
Keep. It feels empty compared to when we competed in the Dragonswood
Tournament.  Gone are the many tents, festival booths, and lively music.  Instead,
I'm surrounded by a well manicured lawn, at a fork of two dirt paths that run in a
wide Ellipse to the draw bridge.
 "Ahem-hum!  Who goes there?" Says a man in a conical helm with a robust
blonde walrus moustache.
 I say, "It's just me Archibald.  I'm the only one who rides the lightning."
 "Yes yes, of course!" He says, "I know that Lady Lord Melpomine, but we
can never be too careful!  Where art thou... elechopit?"
 "I've still got it."  I respond, "But toda y I'm in a hurry.  I've got a quest this
afternoon, and I've got to talk to Master Aztram before I go. Can you take me to
him?"
 "Yes yes... Of course." He pa uses. "Lyle! Man the gates!"
 "Yes sir..." A clean shaven bean pole of a man peeks in from around the
o t h e r  s i d e  o f  t h e  g a t e ,  a n d  s p e a k s  i n  a  d r o w s y  v o i c e .  " I ' m  o n  i t . "  H i s  h e a d
disappears behind the stone pillar the ga te is mounted too, but I imagine him
easing down on to a stump or folding chair to catch some Zs.
 Archibald claps my shoulder. "As you can see Lady Lord, Dragonswood
Keep is in good hands! Master Aztram?  Just this way!"
 I say, "I never doubted you." with a hint of amusement creeping into my
voice.
 We walk together, with Archibald's heavy boots clunking over the draw
bridge within the courtyard. Not much later we're through the antechamber, to
the study where I'm greeted by multiple st ories of glorious leather bound books.
The smell of the pages and bindings is un like anything I've experienced back on
earth, where most libraries have been long since digitized.
 Archibald clears his throat. "Master Aztram!" Is voice is thunderous in
such a quiet workspace. "You have a visitor.  May I present Lady Lord Melpomine
of Durolan."
 The old half elf wizard creeks down the too-tall ladder, on the left side of
the room, and strolls toward us. He's got long hair with slightly pointed ears
m u c h  l i k e  m y  o w n  p e a k i n g  t h r o u g h  c u r t a i n s  o f  g r e y  a n d  w h i t e .  H e  g i v e s  m e  a
grandfatherly smile and says, "Lady Melpomin e .  S o  g o o d  t o  s e e  y o u .  I f  t h i s  i s
about Lord Frobod's request, I'm afraid I haven't got any new information."
 I shake my head no. "It's not about that. I'm here about my boots. Any
chance you can enchant them this mornin g? I'm embarking on a major quest this
afternoon.  It's about Mirae."
 "Ah!  ... the poor girl." He says, "I  am continually sorry for your loss."
 "Yeah well...  She might not be as lo st as she once seemed. I've got a
mission to go find her in Hades."
 "Hades?  Oh dear. That is danger ous. I'm quite busy, but under the
circumstances I'll make an exception and enchant your item. Follow me back to
my workshop."
 I do so, as he leads me to a door in the far corner of the room that I hadn't
noticed before due to a large bookshelf bloc king the way. Inside is a stone basin,
and a number of shelves housing jars of glowing essence, and obscure spell
components.
 "Thank you."  I say.
 "It's no bother for my would be appr entice, if you're still interested."
 "Actually." I say, "I just learned the basics of arcane and elemental
magics." I'm a little worried because I don't want to offend him.
 He says, "Take off your boots."  I do , and he says, "Wonderful. What spells
have you learned?"
 I say, "None yet, but I think Mage Shield is a high priority."
 He tisks me as he places  them in the stone bowl and fetches several vials of
glowing liquid... (or are they just energy?)  from a nearby shelf.  White and green
color swirls within each one like tiny glow sticks.
 "You disappoint me.  If I thought yo u wanted common magic, I'd not have
offered to be your teacher."  He pours several vials of the glowing substances over
my boots.  The green behaves much like liquid, but the white behaves more like
smoke from a fog machine, billowing out and engulfing my footwear in a magical
mist.
 I say, "Yeah well... My teacher's a famous dungeon raider. I doubt he
knows your more refined brand of magic."
 " W e l l ,  d o  c o m e  b a c k  w h e n  y o u ' r e  d o n e  a d v e n t u r i n g  s o  w e  c a n  t u r n  y o u
into a proper scholar. It'd be a great honor to tutor the first adventure to learn the
higher arts."
 I say, "I'll keep that in mind."
 Instead of responding he takes an ench anting wand in hand, raises a finger
for me to shut my mouth, and begins incanting  in a language I don't understand.
The fog within the bowl stirs, and swir ls to match his wa nd movements. He
reaches for another vial,  this one of a smok y grey pigment, and ads it to the mix.
His words are low and musical, if I had th em on a repeat recording, it could help
me sleep.
 Suddenly he flicks his wrist, taps th e top of my boot, and an audible ping
sounds.   The foggy energy grows smaller, and seems to sink into the leather.
 "Why don't you examine them."
 To my surprise, the quality has been increased from Rare to Epic, and the
name has changed from "Swiftstrike Bo ots" to "Swiftstrike Kickers of the
Thunderlord." The box around the stats is also gold, implying that these are the
first of their kind to appear in the game.

Swiftstrike Kickers of the Thunderlord
Set Completion (3/4) +1
Quality:                                                                    Epic
Type:                                     Leather
Slot:                                                                         Feet
Armor:                                                                          1
Equipped Bonus:
Dexterity + 4, Stamina + 3
Special Properties:

+3 bonus light damage (Applies to kicks only)
+2 bonus holy damage (Applies to kicks only)

Static Shield:
Each time you dodge an attack, at one counter to
Swiftstrike Kickers of the Thunderlord. If Swiftstrike
Kickers of the Thunderlord has more than 3 counters,
deal 1 Lightning damage to attackers when struck with
a melee attack. If more than five counters are
accumulated, damage is increased by two, and
rebounds on non-magical ranged attacks.
Bonus Damage Ignores Armor

This item counts towards the Swiftstrike Set
Completion, however provides no additional benefits, if
four other Swiftstrike items are equipped.

  My jaw drops at seeing the enhancements.  Bonus damage to each kick I
expected, but something like "Static Shield" hadn't even been discussed.
 Aztram says, "You like it?" and smiles.
 I say, "You've outdone yourself.  How did you..?"
 " A  l i t t l e  e x p e r i m e n t a l  r e s e a r c h  g o e s  a  l o n g  w a y .  I  s a w  y o u r  r o l e  i n  t h e
Grand Melee, and thought this added benefit might suit you. Thank you for
lending me your gloves. You may have them back now."

You have received Fists of the Thunderlord.

Fists of the Thunderlord
Description:
Left is Thunder. Right is Light ning. Don't get caught in
the storm.
Quality:                                                                  Epic
Type:                                    Leather
Slot:                                     Hands
Armor                                         1
Equipped Bonus:
                             Dexterity +2, Strength +1, Stamina+1
Special Properties:
(Right Hand Only)
Unarmed attacks inflict +4 Lightning Damage.
(Left Hand Only)
Unarmed attacks inflict +4 Sonic Damage
(Left Hand Only):
33% chance on hit to deaf en your opponent for 20
seconds. Effects are cumulative.
Bonus damage ignores armor.


 "No." I say, "Thank you.  This ench antment will help a lot on my journey."
 "About that," Aztram says, "What ar e your plans to pass the gate?"
 I say, "Just walk through, I gu ess. We're playing it by ear."
 "Yes," Aztram says, "But you'll face a guardian. Cerberus if I'm not
mistaken.  You could try to fight him, but I don't recommend it."
 "That's the three headed dog, right?"
 Aztram says, "Yes... amongst other things. He's quite large."
 I ask, "So what do you suggest?"
 "Bring a Bard. Orpheus is said to have  played the lute with such beauty as
to lull the monster to sleep. If you can ma nage the same feat you may be able to
sneak past without anyone dying."
 "Great..." I say, pondering how that'll work with our full group. So far as I
know, I'm the only one who knows anything about in-game music, and I'd hardly
call myself a bard.  "We'll see what I can do."

* * * * *
 I check my interface and discover that none of us have left the party since
last night except Leroy who must have be en doing something with his guild.  I
send a message to the party chat.

Melpomine:  Back in Durolan, but I might be late. We need a Bard.
TakoStar:  For what?
Melpomine:  Aztram gave me a tip about the first boss. It'll either be a
brutal fight, or something we can bypass entirely.
Frobod:  You mean we can sneak around?
Melpomine:  Kinda. It's Cerberus from the Greek legends. He says a really
good bard can put him to sleep.
Frobod:  Didn't you say you played a musician for a while?
Melpomine:  Yeah, but she wasn't my main. If I can't find someone, I'll
give it a try, otherwise I have an idea.
Pahrem:  They won't get the quest.
Melpomine:  I'll worry about that later.

 I close the chat on my VT, go to my contacts, and select the two protestors
I encountered outside the digitization station before Mirae disappeared.

You have invited: Ashlynn, Ceris to group chat.
Ashlynn has accepted your request.

Ashlynn: Hey.

 A few moments pass, and I wonder if the golden hair and skinned elf will
be coming.

Melpomine: Hey.  Give it a sec, I also in vited your elf friend. I've got some news
about the whole digitization thing.
Ashlynn:  Wait. I'll send him a message.

Ceris has entered group chat.

Ceris:   Hi. Who are you again?
Melpomine:  We met outside the igloo when digitization started.
Ceris:   Oh right, the guild leader. I forgot your name. Did you hear
something?
Melpomine:  I did actually, and I need your help. I guess you already know
by now that people who died while digitizing, came back online.
Ashlynn:  Yeah... but no one can message them.
Melpomine:  Same for me, but I've got a quest to go to Hades, and find a
soul to bring back to the living. We're thinking it might be for the people who
didn't make it.

 Silence settles on the moment as neither person answ ers. I can only
imagine what's going through their minds.  Hope. Disbelief. Maybe a little bit of
fear since they don't strike me as the ad venturing sort. It'll be hard enough for
our group, and we like dungeon crawling. Wh at m us t it be l ike f or p l ay ers  w h o
come online and spend all their time in taverns shooting the shit instead of killing
monsters?

Melpomine: Are you guys there?
Ceris:  Yeah.
Ashlynn: Here, sorry. Do you want us to come?
Melpomine: Eh... Not really.

 I'm sure they have their own people they want to bring back, and I don't
want anyone in the group whose not set on restoring Mirae.

Melpomine: The quest requires a Bard an d I don't know any.  I was hoping one
of you might know that guy who plays in Fire and Soul every night.

Ceris:   I know of him, but he's not on my friends list.
Ashlynn:  I've got him on my friend s list. Should I invite him to the
chat?
Melpomine:  Please, or we can meet up if you're all still in Durolan.
Ashlynn:  Wait...

 A minute goes by without a reply, an d I buy some trail rations from a man
in a green apron towing a wooden cart th at hovers a meter off the ground on a
bed of cotton cloud. As a general rule, anything mundane is made magical on the
streets of Durolan, and in the case of mobile vendors, unfashionable. Wheels on
carts just aren't gonna cut it.

Ashlynn:  He says he'll meet us at Fire and Soul.
Melpomine:  I'm five minutes away.
Ceris:   Sorry, I'm busy.

Ceris has left the group chat.

 The tavern by day is different from the tavern at night. There are fewer
patrons by comparison, and notably less ch atter.  There's certainly no musician
on staff at this hour.  Nevertheless, Frey a, the hostess greets me with a smile that
then flattens when she sees I'm an adventurer.
 "Spring water for you then? She asks, having become accustomed to
adventurer habits. No one buys food beca use the buffs are pointless in protected
areas, and every single food or drink item  is tasteless. The one exception to this
rule is Pehrom's cooking.
 She escorts me to a cozy booth and I sa y, "Yeah, just waiting for someone."
I fetch a silver piece from inventory, and press it into her palm. "For the trouble."
It's enough for her to buy half a week of meals from the establishment at menu
prices. "I know we don't ever order anyt hing, but you should be compensated for
your service."

You have gained 200 personal reputation with Freya.
Current level: Neutral.

 This considerably improves her disposit ion as she curtsies, and says "I'll be
right back with a pitcher."
 "Three cups." I say. "I have two guests coming."
 "As you like, m'Lord."
 I'm looking to the entrance waiting fo r either Ashlynn or the musician to
stroll in, when the very person I'm look ing for approaches from the opposite
direction. Like most elves,  he has a lithe build, an d long pointed ears.  His
lustrous sandy hair reaches down to the small of his back, and would be the envy
of many real world women. He sports a crimson cape, a feathered cap, and a pair
of poofy dark pantaloons. His dazed expr ession makes him seem like he just
rolled out of bed.
 He says, "Lady Melpomine I presume? " in a honeyed voice that hits my
ears like silk.
 "Yeah..."  I say, "Where did you come from?"
 "Upstairs."  He says. "I get free room and board in exchange for my
service."
 "I see." I say. It makes sense. S oc customers would frequent the taverns
with the best entertainers.
 "I'm Devarin."  He says.
 "Nice to meet you Lord Devarin." I ex tend my hand to shake, but he takes
it and presses his lips to my fingers. I' m feeling awkward as I take my hand back.
Social gamers are different animals, so I'm sure he's just trying to be polite.
 He then smirks and says, "I'm no Lord." as Ashlynn ducks her way through
the entrance.
 Freya offers her a much kinder greeting than the one she gave me; must be
a perk of becoming a regular customer. I wave her over and scoot over so they can
sit wherever. It's unnecessary because they both sit opposite to me.
 "Hi."  I say as she sits.
 Devarin says, "So what's this about needing a bard?"
 I say, "I've got a quest to enter Hade s, and one of my contacts told me we
should have a bard in the group to clear the first boss. It's an enormous three
headed dog with a fondness for pretty music. Do you adventure much?"
 "Eh...." He makes a teeter tottering so-so motion with his hand. I'm just
going to assume he's a noob. Freya brings our drinks.
 "If it's anything," I say, "I'm not ex pecting you to fight unless you want to.
We've got a good group that can protect you."
 "I'll think about it."  He says.
 "I can pay you."  I say.
 "Where is it, and how much?"  Devarin asks.
 "It's in the Southwest."  I say.  "We've got a portal arranged to take us there.
How's 500 gold sound?"
 "That's far." Devarin says. "How long will it take?"
 I shrug and say, "Who knows? It's new content. You can go home after the
first boss."
 Ashlynn looks to Devarin and says, "T his could be big. They're trying to
bring back people who were lost in digiti zation. If they succeed, there's hope for
everyone else."
 "I guess..." He says reluctantly. "You promise I don't have to fight?"
 "Not while you're with the party." I say. "Look, we have five people and
three tanks. One of which is one of the most famous in the game. Nothing's gonna
hit you unless you stand in an area of effe ct. We're leaving this afternoon so we're
pressed for time. I just got the news about needing a bard this morning."
 "Uhm." He says.
 "A thousand gold." I say. "That's mo re than enough to compensate you if
you die, and to buy a portal back."
 "Alright."  He says. "I'll do it. It 's been a long time since I used my
adventure skin."
 "You mean an alias?" I ask.
 "Yeah." he says. Then turns and hollers  back to Freya. "Looks like I'll be
gone for a few days. Tell the boss I'll pay him twice what he pays me if he doesn't
give my job to someone else."
 I say, "Come with me to Cupcake Keep and I'll write up a contract. I'm also
stating that if you accept my coin, you're giving up your share of the loot. If for
some reason you choose to jo in us for the entire durati on of our quest instead of
just hanging on until the first boss, you can give up the gold in exchange for a fair
share of whatever drops."
 "Can I join the quest?" He asks.
 This gives me pause.  I pull out my  VT and double check the wording.

... This quest can be shared if you have five or less people in your party....

 "I don't know." with a thoughtful tone creeping into my voice.  "Would you
want to? If you did, the choice on who we bring back is my call since it's my quest
that I'm sharing." He shrugs, and I say "Just a minute. I want to try something."

Melpomine:  Hey, do you still have the quest?
LeroyJensen:  Yeah, why?
Melpomine:  You're not in the group. I want to see if I can offer it to
someone else since it says it can be shared as long as there are five or less people
in the party.
LeroyJensen:  Try it.
Melpomine:  If your quest disappears, I'll kick the other guy and share it
with you again.

 I  s a y ,  " Y o u n e e d  t o  j o i n  m y  g r o u p  f o r  m e  t o  s h a r e  i t .  I  d o n ' t  k n o w  i f  i t ' l l
work since we already have five people on it." I send him an invite.

Devarin has joined your party.

 I pull up the quests menu, select "The Lost Champion" and tap "Share
Quest."

Devarin has accepted your quest.

Melpomine:  Do you still have the quest?
LeroyJensen:  Yeah.
Melpomine:  I just shared it with someone else.
LeroyJensen:  Nice exploit.
Melpomine:  You disapprove?
LeroyJensen:  No. All's fair in buffs and questing.

 I say, "Looks like you've got it, of course you can't complete it without my
item."  reminding him of who's the leader just in case he gets any ideas of running
off and completing it on his own.
 Devarin says, "I wouldn't anyway."
 Ashlynn says,  "Well good. I'm glad I could set you up.  Good luck with this,
and let me know how it turns out."
 " I  w i l l . "  I  s a y ,  a n d  f i n i s h  o f f  t h e  l a s t  o f  m y  d r i n k .  " L e t ' s  h e a d  o v e r  t o
Cupcake Keep and meet the others."







Chapter 6 - The Road to Hell

 We're sitting in the dining room when I place my mark on the contract.  It
indicates that once I, TakoStar, Pahrem, Frobod, and either Butt-Trumpet or
Leroy Jensen clear the gates of Hades, 1,000 gold will be paid to Devarin from
the guild coffers, and that he relinquishes  his claim on any and all loot. Now that
I've placed my mark, the funds are being held in magical escrow. It also states
that should Devarin fail to complete his duties, or if we clear the gates of Hades
without his help he's entitled to only the cost of return transportation to Durolan.
Furthermore, it states that if Devarin chooses to accompany us across either the
river Lethe or Styx, he will  forgo the 1,000 gold, and be entitled to an even share
of the loot.
 I push the paper across the tabl e and say, "Make your mark."
 He speaks with his mouth full, "You have chicken.... Honey glazed chicken.
and it tastes... If he was a woman, I'd be making vows to that little green man."
 "Glad you enjoy it, and he's taken." I say. "Make your mark."
 He wipes his hands on a napkin, and presses his thumb to the parchment.

You are bound by the terms of this agreement.
You have received: Signed contract.

 I ask, "Ready to get in your adventure skin?"
 He says, "Better to wait until we'r e out of town. Sometimes the guards
don't like my appearance."
 I raise a brow, and give myself a ch ance to be surprised when the time
comes rather than asking questions.  I cou nt the baggies I have spread out on the
table. "40 servings of jerky, 50 dried apricot, and 150 bags of Havenfolk trail
rations. That should be more than enough."
 He says, "I can conjure an arcane banquet."
 "You're just now mentioning this? ... Never mind... I already bought
everything before we met. Good to know. I forgot to tell you, we've been warned
not to eat or drink anything from Hades.  My guess is that it 'll have the same
effect as setting your bind point there."
 "We can't leave?" He asks.
 "That's my guess, but only if you eat something."
 It doesn't escape my notice that he's  talking like he's decided to cross the
river.  Frobod, Tako, and Pahrem enter, chit-chatting in a cluster. They must have
run into each other outside their rooms.
 Tako says, "Last meal before we le ave this place." He clutches his heart
melodramatically.  "God, I'm going to miss it!"
 I say, "CK will still be waitin g for you when we get back."
 "The castle?"  He asks. "Well that too, I meant the food."
 I throw a bag of Pehrom's jerky at him.  "Cry me a river. This is for Mirae."
 That sobers him up, and he says. "I  didn't mean anything by it."
 "So we're waiting on one more." I say.  Leroy, in the guise of Butt-Trumpet,
enters the room. "... or not."
 Leroy says, "Am I late?"
 "Just in time to meet our bard." I mo tion to Devarin, I can see he's about
to ask, so I say "I got a tip from someone at Dragonswood Keep that we'd need a
musician to clear the first boss."
 "Good call."  Leroy says.  "We ready to go?"
 "Yeah."  I say. "Everyone take a share of the rations.  I don't want anyone
hogging the good stuff."
 Leroy says, "I bought some buff food for before the boss fights if we need
it."
 "That's good."  I say.  "I want to show you my boots."
 Leroy asks, "Get something good?"
 I say, "Big upgrade."
 Leroy says, "Let me see."
 I walk around to his side of the table so he can examine them.  They look
almost the same as before, but now have a faint glow about them like the moon's
corona. You can't see it in daylight, but in the shade beneath the table it's just
visible.
 "Hot stuff, golden item." He says. "T hat's a lot of dex. Not so good for a
traditional stamina tank, but for you they'l l do nicely since you'll be dodging a lot
to build up charges. How'd you get them again?"
 "I asked Lord Zarentu for a custom enchant based on my PvP gloves as my
reward for Dragonsbane Part One. Before that, the boots were the standard boots
in the Swiftstrike set."
 Devarin finishes off his chicken, take s in our party and says, "I thought you
said you had someone famous."
 Leroy says, "That'd be me."
 Devarin says, "I've never heard of Butt-Trumpet."
 Leroy says, "It's an alt. I'll pull off the mask when we get inside."

* * * * *
 After lunch, second lunch for Devarin, we're all at the Lodge of Arcanum.
It's surprisingly empty for the middle of  the day. My voice echoes down empty
halls as I call, "Paging Magus Rauel!"
 I hear the sound of quickly shufflin g footsteps on stone floors as a round
faced human page boy in grey apprentice robes hastens to greet us. He's got dark
brown hair, and light freckles on his cheeks. I guess him to be fourteen or fifteen
years of age, and judge that this must be where he gets schooled.
 "So sorry!"  He says, "I didn't hear anyone come in."
 I ask, "Where is everyone?"
 He says, "Master Marulan is giving a speech about the dangers of
necromancy."
 I sigh.
 Frobod says, "Doesn't sound like we're endearing anyone."
 The boy, named Wren, says "It's most ly just him. The majority of Magi
view the art as just a tool. I'll bring you to the portal chamber, and fetch Master
Rauel.  He's been expecting you."
 We're escorted to a circular stone room   the size of half a tennis court with
a massive half-bubble skylight which allows us to see blue sky and white cumulus
clouds above. The mosaic white and violet  floor tiles form a pattern of  three
interlocking rings arranged in a Borromean link. A metal fixture that resembles a
five pronged crown rests at the center.
 Tako says, "Let me guess.  The portal goes there." pointing  at the
centerpiece.
 I shrug.
 W e  d o n ' t  h a v e  t o  w a i t  l o n g  b e f o r e Rauel enters wearing the same blue
robes he's worn every time I've seen him.  E i t h e r  h e  r e a l l y  l i k e s  t h i s  s t y l e ,  o r
they're some kind of uniform.
 "Thank the gods." He says with a sm ile. "You're presence was the perfect
excuse to ditch that old windbag."
 I say, "Still not loving our plan I take it."
 Rauel says, "He'll get over it once you come back and the ritual's successful.
He's always nay-saying new magic that might actually be fun." He claps his hands
and rubs them together, eager to get star t e d .   " W h e r e  a r e  w e  g o i n g ?   S t y x  o r
Lethe?"
 "Lethe."   I say.
 He says, "Good choice." and I wonder if his response would have been any
different if we'd said Styx. "Everyone ready?"
 We all nod.
 He walks to one of the archways with  a stick of chalk, and writes a bunch
of round wavy characters in an unfamiliar language, paired with a trio of sharp
angular marks. Now that Leroy's taught me the Arcane Magic ability, I
instinctively recognize them as arcane si gils related to displacement and travel.
At the center, he draws three interlocking rings in a pattern that mirrors the ones
on the floor.  I'm watching in fascination.
 I wonder if I can learn that spell.
 Rauel turns from his work and waves us  back, and speaks a single word in
a language I don't understand but can infer. "Aportanta!" A globe of yellow
energy with a black spot rises from the po inty fixture at the center of the room,
looking like a giant eye.  A bar of light then shoots from the spot into the exact
center of the three circle mark Rauel drew .  The wall ripples as if under water,
glows cloudy, and begins to change. A moment later, we're staring out on a brown
and gold desert landscape under blue skies and a burning sun.
 Rauel says, "Now you may enter." and gestures to the wall. "May you quest
with the favor of  many gods."
 "Thank you." I say, and look to Tako, "Looks like you were wrong."
 He says, "What do I know about spell casting?"
 I motion to the others and say, "Let's go."
 I'm not a fan of bright sunlight, which is what hits me along with a wave of
heat as soon as I step through. Thank God, it's only temporary.  I squint and look
around, as Tako and Leroy drop out of the portal followed by Pahrem, Frobod,
and Devarin. From this side, it looks like  a bunch of people are stepping out of
thin air. No going back the way we came.
 "Hold up." Devarin says as he pulls  out his VT. "I've got to change my
alias."
 Strands of stone colored light twist around, and engulf him as he changes
appearance.  His nameplate fades, and is  replaced by one that reads "Sajina."
Aside from having a head, two arms. and two legs Devarin, now Sajina, couldn't
be less human. His skin and clothes have changed to living stone, and a pair of
massive, dark, bat like wings  sprout from  his back. His wide  jaw now sports a
pair of monstrous rock tusks, and a thick tail like a dinosaur extends from his
butt.
 "Gargoyle!" Tako shouts, in a voice that sounds impressed.
 "You can make those?" I ask, having never seen the race on my creation
screen before.
 Sajina says, "The race was unlocked when I was trick or treating a couple
of years ago."
 Frobod must see my confused expressi on and says, "There are rare trick or
treating candies that unlock new races, attract special pets, or give you vanity
items. Unlocking a new race has a chance  of something like one in a thousand
candies."
 "What are the benefits?" I ask, "You get a minus to intelligence, and your
appearance drops to zero but you can raise it with points, but you get two extra
health levels, and a bunch of extra stamin a. You can also learn the special ability
'Flight.'"
 I say, "Twenty percent extra health... I want to play a gargoyle."
 Leroy says, "They're a strong tank ra ce, but almost no one has them. They
also have problems walking around in  cities during any month that's not
October."
 I ask, "The guards will attack you?"
 Leroy nods, "Sometimes."
 I say, "We need to get you an electric guitar from the Freeworld, because
that skin is pure metal."
 Sajina says, "Stone actually."
 I squint under the bright sun, and say "Ha ha."
 I look around trying to get a sense of where we're supposed to go when I
hear Pahrem call out, "Ova here."  She'd wandered off from the group without me
noticing.  I approach to discover she's stan ding at the edge of a gaping hole in the
ground with a switch back path leading down into the earth. "Get ya spelunkin'
hats cause we're goin' deep."
 Sajina says, "That doesn't look inviti ng." It's the first time I've heard
timidity in his voice.
 I say, "Anything's better than all this  sun. Carry over from the real world I
guess, I never tan. I just burn."
 Leroy says, "Let's go. I'll cast light spells when we're inside."
 Nothing attacks us on the way down, I don't even see other creatures. The
air is dry, Leroy and Frobod's armor clun ks with every step along the path.  I'm
thankful for the shade at the mouth of the cave, and say "So far, so good."
 Leroy says, "Iluminatus!" and makes a circling gesture with his hand.  A
white light pours off me as if my armor was a sixty watt light bulb. He calls out,
"Iluminatus!" making the same gesture, an d Pahrem begins to glow.  Leroy says,
"I'll keep it at two for now.  Tank in the front, heals in the back.  Too many lights
can be distracting. Everyone gear up."
 I equip Bite, my electrified staff, whereas Frobod hefts his greatsword, and
the gargoyle is armed with a woodwind flute , a quill, and a leather journal.  I give
him a look, and he says "I'm an artist." followed by blowing a steady note on his
instrument.

Sajina casts Inspire.

Inspired.
+1 Charisma
+2 to Highest Stat. (Dexterity)
+1 Health Levels
Duration: 30 minutes

 "Alright." I say, "I admit th at was useful. Can you fight?"
 "I have a sling."  He says uncertainly.
 "Alright." I say, "Stand near Pahrem and use that to try and hit whatever
I'm attacking."
 Pahrem speaks in a sympathetic voic e, "We're gonna be good friends."
 Tako says, "Can we go?"
 I say, "Just a sec." and take Bite through a martial arts casting kata.

Cast Flow Like Water (Rank 3) - Success!

 Then I say, "Yeah." and step into th e darkness. With each pace, more rock
becomes visible ahead. Stalagmites and stalactites hang from the ceiling and
sprout from the ground like giant teeth. It feels like walking into a dragon's gullet.
The way light just stops beyond the twenty-f ive foot range of Leroy's light spell is
unnerving.  We're literally passing into the unknown. Sometimes I grip my staff a
tighter, thinking I see something scurry across the ground ahead, but it's just a
shadow created by my light on all the uneven surfaces.
 Pretty soon, there will be real monsters.
 I don't like the sound of just my feet in the dirt and on rock followed by the
clunks and rustles of the group behind me , so I ask "Everyone okay?" Not really
expecting or caring if anyone answers. Nevertheless, there are a few murmurs of
ascent.  Leroy's nearby so I ask, "Have you ever been here?"
 He says, "This is a first for me."
 There's plenty of space to walk, but I feel claustrophobic. The incline is
getting steeper, and the terrain more rugged.  We can't sprint in an desperate
retreat.
 Leroy stops me by touching the back of  his hand to my chest. He holds his
war hammer at the ready and whispers "Get ready."
 I respond, "What?" having not seen anything.
 He looks like he's about to stri ke, but strike what is beyond my
comprehension.
 He says, "Now!" as a four-legged sh adow creature leaps off the ceiling and
makes a grab for Tako.  It has a long body, four legs, and catlike ears.  Instead of
claws, it has a set of five-fingered hands.

Shadow Step (Rank 5) - Success!

 I disappear from where I'm standing, and reappear behind the monster in
a single stride.  My staff smashes into its flank sending small worms of electricity
crawling over it's body. It yowls like a cat, and whirls to face me standing upright
on a pair of stubby hind legs.  Its long body makes the creature taller than me. It
has human arms, a pair of short swords, an d red eyes that burn like hot coals.
It's unnerving how little I can make out of its physical texture. It's a hole in the
world, a creature shaped demon of infinite darkness.
 It comes in for a strike, I slip out of the way. A white circle with the
number 1 appears in the top right corner of my vision. It must be the counter
f r o m  m y  b o o t s .  I t  s w i p e s  a g a i n ,  I  p a r r y with bite, and counterattack with the
other end of my big stick.

CRITICAL HIT
You hit Shadowstalker for 12 damage.
Shadowstalker resists 8 points of damage.

  An electric zap sounds as Bite ki sses him with bonus damage.  Tako makes
a move from behind, but I can't see whether he connects. Leroy on the other hand
roars as he brings his hammer down on the beast in a powerful blow.  It collapses
into nothing like a banished ghost, though it leaves a small sack behind.

Butt-Trumpet has killed Shadowstalker.

  Tako picks up the loot.

Shadowstalker drops 30 silver.
Your share of the loot is 6 silver.

 Leroy says, "Not too bad, but they're sneaky."
 Pahrem asks, "Bones okay?"
 Frobod answers, "We're all good."
 I say, "This is rough because I can't see the mobs to make a good pull."
 Leroy answers, "Caves are a bitch."
 Not ten steps later I hear a serpenti ne hiss, the moment new monsters are
brought within the radius of the light spel l. Two brown hooded serpents as tall as
I am slither toward me, and  bats the size of  bus tires take to the air.
 I yell, "Incoming!" and rush to meet the new monsters. Why did it have to
be snakes? The way they move fast across the ground without any limbs makes
my skin crawl. To make matters worse, as  we close on each other, I realize the
snakes don't have any eyes. Their entire heads consist of mouths, tongues,
nostrils, and teeth.  Talk about creepy.
 It's a close call as I slip out of the way of the first snake's strike. I evade
serpent number two, and hurl my Darksteel  Chakram at one of the dire bats.  It
connects.  The other's almost at Leroy so  I whistle at the other and shout "Hey!"
to draw it's attention.

Taunt. Successful.
Dire Cave Bat attacks.

 Now all four monsters are coming at me.  I shout, "Hold!" and take purely
defensive actions until they're all in range. My dodge counter quickly rises to
three, four, and then five as I rapidly du ck and jerk out of the way of incoming
blows.  When the last bat arrives and attempts to dive  bomb, I bring bite up and
knock it in it's scrunched up face.  Elec tricity jumps from it to the other mammal,
down to the two serpents.  "Go!"
 Leroy charges for the reptile on my right, as I slink out of the way of
another bat.  Tako tries cutting it from the side while Frobod tries for the one on
my left. A bat swoops again an d I'm out of the way, but th e evasion of that attack
puts me right in the path of the snake that Frobod's fighting, and it nips my
forearm. Fortunately my flesh reshapes itse lf around it's fangs as though passing
through liquid. Thank you Flow Like Water. Two absorption levels fall off my
Flow Like Water defense.
 Leroy's making fast work of his snake as  its health is already down to thirty
percent. Frobod's is only down forty, so I switch targets and clobber the beast
with my staff, bringing Bite's glowing tip down right on top of it's head.
Electricity leaps off it, and into the neighboring monsters. I've got this.
 I dodge out of the way of another serp ent strike, then duck a bat when I
hear a high pitched scream somewher e behind me. I catch Pahrem in my
peripheral vision doing her thing, so th e only non-melee person left is Sajina. I
sidestep another serpent strike, as Leroy fi nishes off his target. He and Tako join
Frobod in cleaning up the rest of the ground group... or so I think.
 In party chat Sajina shouts, "It's go t me! Help!" I take a look back and
shadow step to his attacker, another Sh adowstalker is dragging him by the arm
on the ground. The bard's kicking and yelli ng, but doesn't seem to be doing much
to stop his abduction.
 Fortunately, I'm there to knock the crea ture in the back with my staff.  I
hear the death cries of a cave snake, an d the two big bats ar e chasing after me
while ground DPS awkwardly try to bat them  out of the air above them.  It's not
working all that well.
 The shadowstalker unhands Sajina, and turns to face me with a longsword
in hand. Like the other one, it stands on its hind legs while in single combat.
 It strikes. CRACK! The sound of Bite  intercepting metal rings through the
passage.
 Sajina says, "Wait! Don't attack it!"
 Another CRACK sounds as I parry an other blow with the shaft of Bite.
"Easier said than done buddy!" I dodge out of the way of another shadowstalker
strike, and realize that the dire bats are almost here. "Whatever you want to do,
hurry it up because the bats are almost within range!"
 The gargoyle presses his flute to hi s lips, and begins playing a simple
melody. I duck out of the way of an aerial  attack just to see the shadowstalker's
name plate change from red to blue indicating that it's become a friendly target. A
reverse whirlpool icon, surrounded by spinning stars appears over its head.

Sajina casts charm monster on Shadowstalker. Success!

 "Got him!" the Gargoyle says.
 The shadow creature runs from me and creeps up the side of the cave wall,
and then crawls on the roof like a lizard.  I evade another strike from a dire bat,
when the creature drops down and attacks it , knocking it out of the air with it's
body weight and wrestling it to the ground.  The shadowstalker pulls out a dagger
and begins cutting tears in its wings.
 I say, "Go for the wings!"
 Tako hurls one of his throwing knives , and makes a direct hit on the spot
where the wing joins with the other bat' s furry body. Both bats are now on the
ground. Leroy obliterates Tako's bat with a thunderous smash of his war hammer
trapping the animal between steel and stone. The other oversized critter squeals
its dying cries when the Shadowstalker ventilates its body. Repeated dagger
strikes leave a bloody mess.
 A crossed swords icon next to my name disappears, indicating that the
combat has ended.  I glance uneasily at the gargoyle's pet.
 I ask, "How long will that last?"
 He says, "I've gotta renew the song every fifteen minutes. ...or, if one of us
attacks it it'll break free."
 "Alright."  I say, "Don't let it go.  We  need to bump up your physical game."
 It's not lost on me that our most fearsome looking party member, by race
is turning out to be the biggest wimp.
 Pahrem says, "You guys ain't givin'  me nothin to do. No damage!"
 "You can DPS until Flow Like Water goes away. With all of us fighting,
these groups will  go down quick."
 "Rodger."  Pahrem says.
 Frobod says, "What's that?"
 "What's what?"  Tako says.
 "Shhh!"  Frobod says.  "Don't say anything."
 A faint rumble like white noise intrudes on our new silence. I say, "Sounds
like water."
 Leroy says, "I'll bet there's a waterfall farther down."
 I look to Sajina, then to his pet, and ask, "Can your guy talk?" The
shadowstalker just stares with it's mysterious red eyes.
 The bard says, "I guess not."
 "Alright."  I say, "Move out."
 We collect the loot and continue our descent. It feels good having some
direction, and with each meter we advanc e, the sounds of fast water grows more
powerful. I wonder if the gate will be at the waterfall, or if it'll barely mark the
start of our journey.
 We come around a sharp corner. I'm surprised to find a steady stream of
blue light ahead. In party chat I say, "Hold up. Light up ahead. Tako you can
come up if you're sneaky."
 He's at my side and we both drop into stealth.

Sneak - Successful!
Dexterity + Stealth

 S o  l o n g  a s  w e ' r e  i n  t h e  s a m e  p a r t y ,  t h e  g a m e  s h o w s  u s  a s  s l o w  m o v i n g
transparent images like ghosts while the skill is active. To everyone else, we're
invisible. The game doesn't seem to take  Leroy's light spell into account when
determining whether or not we can move about intentionally unseen.
 I say, "Party chat only." since NPCs can't hear anything we say on that
channel.
 Moving forward, Tako and I come to an abrupt ledge that drops into an
open room alongside an underground river.  The light spills fr om bioluminescent
mushrooms growing in clusters around r ock formations in sh ades of hypnotic
blue, violet, and periwinkle. Stalactites hang overhead but the ground is
remarkably smooth with a few fingerlike stalagmite exceptions.
 I take a deep breath, and marvel at ho w the air here feels fresher. I suspect
it has something to do with the water, and leafy growths like forest ferns that
appear alongside the mushrooms. The way the plants lean toward the source of
light makes me believe that whatever's causing it, be it biological or supernatural,
acts as  surrogate sunlight.
 I can also see several cook fires, with  three to four shadowstalkers loitering
around each. No sounds save for the rivers and occasional crackles from the fires,
so they must have alternate means of communication.
 I say, "There's a ledge overlooking a shadowstalker camp, about 12 are
visible."
 Pahrem says, "How far's the closest one?"
 "There's a cluster of four about fift een feet out, and however many feet
down. Why?"
 Pahrem says, "I wanna try something."
 "Alright."  I say. "Come forward, but stay quiet."
 The green skinned girl says, "You're the boss."
 She creeps beside me, crouches, and pulls a pair of transparent baubles
from her inventory. They look like fish bobbers with green goop sloshing around
inside, and metal pins sticking out of corked tops.
 "You're throwing a grenade at them."
 "I told you it's not a grenade." She eyes the shadowstal kers, and says, "I
can totally hit that."
 I'm half way through asking, "Then what  is it?" when she yanks out the pin
with her teeth and chucks it directly in the nearest campfire. Three.... Two...
One.... Nothing happens. She chucks another one. Direct hit.   ... assuming she
was aiming for the fire, and I say "Good arm." Still, nothing seems to be
happening.  At least they haven't noticed us.
 She stands a little taller when a su dden POP sounds followed by sizzling
from below. Shadowstalkers scream and alternate between clutching their dark
faces, and swatting their bodies. POP! Th e second one goes off, to the sound of
more pained cries.

Pahrem has killed Shadowstalker.
Pahrem has killed Shadowstalker
Pahrem has killed Shadowstalker.
Pahrem has killed Shadowstalker.

 She says, "It's a G'NADE!" and cackles. "Don't mess with a gobo alchemist
biotch!"
 I say, "I hope you've got a plan , because you just pulled agro."
 The other eight of the shadowstalkers  s t a n d  o n  t h e i r  h i n d  l e g s  b y  t h e i r
fires with black twitching noses. They look around for the source of the
commotion. As if that isn't bad enough a patrol of three more comes into view
skulking along the riverbank and point our direction. Moving like a herd of
antelope, they lope towards us, scurryin g on all fours until the moment they
engage. One by one, they disappear un der the shelf beneath us. I know it's
because they're scaling the wall.
 "Pahrem get back, major incoming! Melee to tank now!"
 A pair of glowing eyes peeks over the le dge.  I kick it in the face.  To my
surprise, an explosion of light like a strobe ignites when I make contact.  Bad ass!

Taunt - Successful.
Shadowstalker attacks.

 Frobod and Leroy rush in behind me. They're swiping at, and bashing
individual stalkers slowing their advance, but there's too many. I bring Bite down
on top of the one I kicked's head, and electricity spiders out over the group so
that they're now crawling over each othe r to get to me. I shadow step behind
Frobod and bring bite down on the closest one I can reach repeating the process
so I can round up the other half of our attackers.
 "Fall back! Bottleneck!" I say, coming up with a plan. Everyone takes the
cue as they turn tail and run back around the bend. I'm the last person to join
them, as red eyed shadow creatures pull their bodies up over the ledge looking
like the shades of demonic cat eared fe rrets. I walk backward and smack Bite
against the stone wall of the cave to draw their attentions.

Taunt - Successful.
Shadowstalker attacks.

 Here it comes. Shadowy bodies press into each other armed with a wide
variety of bladed weapons.  I smack the on e in the front, and send Bite's energy
creeping over the crowd like a lightning sp ider. They moan in pain and howl in
bestial rage as  the three in front try in vain to land a blow.
 Pahrem shouts, "G'nade! Incoming! As a little globe flies overhead and
drops in the center of the horde.  Frob od impales the front mob on the left with
his sword, and the monster goes down only to be replaced by its fresh, infinitely
dark, red eyed cousin. Leroy smashes the one on the right with his war hammer.
 I see Shadowstalkers near the back ta k e  t o  c l i m b i n g  o n  t h e  w a l l s  w h e n
POP, a splash of green erupts in the middle. The guy in front nearly takes my
head off, but I slip out of the way of it s longsword just in time. I bring my staff
around to block a short sword strike from the creature to my left. The guys on the
walls are hit with the most jelly and fall, howling, crashing onto their brethren.
 Pahrem shouts, "G'nade!" as another on e of her projectiles sails overhead.
The crowd's growing thinner as the foe on  my right collapses under the might of
one of Leroy's blows. The one in front fina lly falls with a quick strike from bite
when another "POP!" sounds followed by an explosion of caustic goop.  Shadow
demons scream and fall.  Only three rema in standing. Tako hits, one between the
eyes with a throwing knife, and Leroy and Frobod advance on the two remaining
opponents. Leroy's drops with a bone grinding crunch, and the death knight
lands a critical hit that separates a glowing eyed head from its body.
 The crossed swords combat indicator fades, and in a matter of seconds,
shadow bodies become small bags of lo ot. Tako does the honors, in picking
everything up. and says, "Lots of coin, some  vendor trash weapons, a blue sword,
and five shadow essence.  Anyone know what that's for?"
 Pahrem says, "I can use the essence for my boom booms."
 Frobod says, "Let's see the sword."

Long Claw of the Shadowstalker
T y p e :
                                                Sword
Quality:
                                                                                Rare
Base Damage:
                      Strength + 2 (Slashing)
Equipped Bonus:
           Strength + 2, Stealth +3, Swords +1
Special Properties:
                  Chance on Hit: 3% chance to  ignore armor.


 "Anyone need it?" I ask.
 Frobod says, "What I have is better."
 "Tako?" I ask.
 He says, "Doesn't hold a ca ndle to Zarentu's daggers."
 I say, "Roll for it."

Frobod rolls 1 (1-10) sided dice. Result: 6
TakoStar rolls 1 (1-10) sided dice. Result: 7
Melpomine rolls 1 (1-10) sided dice. Result: 9
Pahrem rolls 1 (1-10) sided dice. Result: 4
Butt-Trumpet rolls 1 (1-10) sided dice. Result: 6

 "I can't roll." Sajina says.
 I say, "That's because you signed a contr act giving up your claim to the loot.
You're getting a thousand gold at the end of this."
 Tako says, "You're paying him that much? What is he doing for us?"
 I say, "Hopefully clearing the first boss."
 A note of skepticism sounds in Tako's voice, "If you say so."
 I feel a little bad for people going hard on Sajina, but I see their point. So
far as I can tell he hasn't done a single point of damage since we've been here. I'm
really hoping he'll find redemption when we face Cerberus so we don't both look
like fools.

You have received Long Claw of the Shadowstalker.

 "Congrats on the sword." Leroy says.
 I say, "It's just going in the guild va ult to help out less advanced members.
If you weren't with us, I'd suggest all items we don't need go there."
 I walk back out onto the ledge, and examine the camp now devoid of
monsters. The party follows. "Since we know  we have to cross the River Lethe,  I
think our best bet is to follow the water and see if it leads to the gate."
 Frobod asks, "You want to jump, or  follow the path and see if it loops
around?"
 I look to everyone and say, "Any chance one of you can cast 'Float?'"
 Leroy says, "You and I can survive the fa ll.  Probably wouldn't even feel it.
Maybe the other guy in plate too. "
 Sajina says "I can glide down with my first level of flight."
 Tako says,  "I've got a rope. You good with that Pahrem?"
 "I think I'll manage." She says. "I don't look it, but my athletics score's
somethin' else. Guess what skill covers throwin'."
 I say, "We'll use Tako's rope then. Sa jina you're last since you can unhitch
it and glide down. Leroy, you're second to the last to protect our bard just in case
something sneaks up on us."
 Sajina says, "Who's Leroy?"
 Butt-Trumpet winks, and says, "Stone-Bard go ahead. I'll bring up the
caboose."
 It only takes a few minutes for us al l to drop down to the lower level.
Sajina glides in a big circle and lands smoothly, and after Pahrem descends,
Leroy grabs the end of the line in his fist  and jumps down slamming into the rock
with two feet like a gorilla. It's a move  that would have taken most adventurers
down a few health, but for a super-tank li ke Jensen the jump doesn't phase him.
His in-game stats grant him superhuman endurance. He casually winds up the
line and tosses it back to Tako in a tidy bunch, and says "Onward." gesturing to
the water.
 The passage narrows as we walk, but there's a good twelve feet between
the wall and the water's edge.  Pahrem and I still glow with Leroy's light but the
spell's no longer necessary due to th e abundance of mushroom luminescence
hugging the walls and on the ceiling. So metimes I hear the flapping of mundane
bat wings and their high pitched chitteri ng overhead. They don't attack and we
leave them alone. The only reason I can see for killing them is food, and we've got
plenty of that.
 I say, "I think the camp's clear." having not encountered any new enemies
in the last five minutes of walking.
 Leroy says, "That means there will ei t h e r  b e  a  b i g g e r  g r o u p ,  o r  n e w
monsters up ahead."
 Tako says, "There could be an ambush."
 Leroy nods, "That too.  It would match their style."
 "You think they're undead?" I ask. "W hy do you think they were trying to
drag Sajina off."
 "No." Leroy says. "It didn't say they were when I inspected them. As for the
dragging..." He shrugs.
 Frobod says, "I saw plenty of cook pots."
 "Yummy."  I say, "Rock soup.  I just ask because the guys at the Lodge said
that we might see undead as we get closer to the gate."
 Sajina looks uncomfortable, and plays a quick tune on his flute to reinforce
his charm spell. The farther we descend into adventure land, the more his
confidence evaporates. His minion, quiet as ever, follows. It's red, slanted eyes,
smolder  in a face so dark I can't even tell if it has sockets.
 I ask, "How many mobs can you ho ld at once with that spell?"
 Sajina says, "For now, just one, but I have other things. I'm gonna hold on
to this guy as long as I can and try to make him a groupie."
 "A groupie?" I ask.
 Sajina says, "It's a bard magic thing like an NPC fan."
 "I know what a groupie is, but wh at does it mean in the game?"
 "If you keep an intelligent monster charmed long enough, you can dismiss
them, and call them back like a pet. Th e cook fires and weapons make me think
that the Shadowstalkers are more than dumb animals."
 "Good on you." I say. "Using your powers doesn't count as loot."
 Quietly, I'm glad that Sajina will have a trophy to bring back home from
our adventure. He doesn't seem to le ave the city much, so amongst his Soc
friends, the shadowstalker will be a rare find.
  "Incoming!" Tako shouts, and hurls a knife, though it doesn't seem to hit
anything. Sajina's pet leaps on the wall and scuttles forward on all fours like
gravity doesn't matter. I don't initially s ee anything, but then a fist sized rock
whizzes past my ear.  Bastard! That could have hurt. My dodge counter rises to
one.  More stone projectiles come at us from up the tunnel but I can't see who is
throwing them.  I dart out of the way of  one, and then knock two to the ground
with the end of my staff.
 "Plate on either side! Wall up 'til  we see what's coming. Clothies and
leather take cover!"
 Jensen equips a shield with his war ha mmer.  It'll be harder for him to hit,
but the sound of a sharp CLACK against it's face proves it'll knock back projectiles
better than just his hammer ever could. I'm tempted to do the same, but I'm
worried about endangering my Sune ques t by equipping an item that's been
blessed by another deity.
 My dodge counter leaps up to four and then five as I dip out of the way of
more flying rocks.  I've got an idea, and say "Pahrem get ready!"
 Instead of knocking the next rock th at comes our way with my staff, or
trying to evade, I intentionally place myse lf in the stone's path. My flesh twists
around the object and allows it to pass through me.  More importantly, the static
shield on my boots activates and send an arc of electricity flying from my feet
back at my opponent. It'd been invisible before, but now I can see the clear shape
of one of the creatures ahead wielding a sling.
 I charge forth shouting, "There may be more!"

Shadow Step (Rank 5) - Success!

 I don't give the Shadowstalker time to react, I appear behind him, deliver a
fast hook kick which flashes like a ca mera, and bring Bite down hard on his
shoulder. Electricity jumps from the monster I attacked to two other individuals
that had been invisible.  I guess doing damage is the key to revealing them.
 Now that we know what we're facing, I kite them further down the passage
so their backs are facing rest the party. Two come in with daggers which I manage
to slip past, and I disarm the third by cr acking my staff against its knuckles. The
blade clatters against the rocky ground.  Frobod, Tako, and Leroy all hit the same
target, one after another. First the sword,  then the hammer, and a needle to the
abdomen. It didn't have a chance.
 One of the enemy weapons takes a bite out of my skin, shaving off the last
of my Flow Like Water defense.
 "Get ready to heal!"
  Two more to go.
 They don't last long. Leroy smashe s his hammer into the one I'd first
stepped behind, while Frobod and Tako take down the other with a series of great
sword slashes, and dagger piercings.
 The in-combat icon fades from my view as Tako loots.
 "Just coin."  He says.
 I ask, "How'd you see em'?"
 He says, "I didn't. I just threw in  the direction of the first stone."
 "Does that ever work?"  I ask.
 He says, "Doesn't usually hit, but so metimes they'll drop out of invis and
have a run at me."
 The sound of rushing water is grow ing stronger, and it seems like the
river's flowing faster. I say, "Were comin g up on something." as I realize we're
approaching the edge of a cliff. I hurry to  get a better look leaving the rest of the
party behind. I'm not worried, if I run into  nasties I'll call out. If not, we're all
good.  The roar grows ever louder. By forty feet, I doubt I can hear anyone if they
call for me. Bad tank. I'm tempted to wait, but the view ahead is so beautiful. I
slow my pace.
 Ten feet from my position the ground just stops, a sharp drop overlooking
an underground cove where the waterfall ends. A mist from the rushing water
wets my face. Mushrooms dot the ceiling like galaxies of stars, while similar
lambent vegetation in the form of vines reach up tall cave walls.
  The group is catching up now. Frobod says something, but I can't make
out his words.  I pull out my VT and type a message in the group chat.

Melpomine:  It's a long way down. I guess 100 to 150 feet.
Butt-Trumpet: Can't survive that.
Pahrem:  Is it a dead end?
Melpomine:  Looks like the path bends around.
TakoStar:  There's also a ladder.

 I hadn't noticed that, and move to where Tako's standing. Sure enough
there's a stretch of metal rungs set in the stone.

Melpomine:  I can't see what's down there.
Pahrem:  Better use the rope to be safe.
Frobod:  Go down or follow the passage?
Melpomine:  As much as I hate heig hts when I'm not on a mount, I think
the ladder looks more interesting.
Sajina:  I can glide down.
Melpomine:  Don't.  We can't see what's down there.  I'll go first. If I die,
one of you can res me, and if you cant. I' m the only one with a Thunder Bridge to
get back here quickly.
Melpomine:  We all good with the ladder?
Butt-Trumpet: Follow the river. That's the plan.

   The metal is cold and hard under my  fingers, and I'm not thrilled with how
slick the surface is from the waterfall spray. The descent takes far longer than it
should. I catch sounds within the water's static, a dull moaning, but my ears  only
lock in on it once every few seconds. Th e deeper I drop, the louder those foreign
sounds become, and it's hard to get a good look at whatever might be beneath me.
I feel like an unseen horror's about to reach up and grab me, so I'm surprised
when my foot touches solid ground.

CRITICAL HIT
Wight strikes you for 29 damage.
Resist: Stamina + Endurance.
You resist 24 points of damage. -5Health. 6 Health remaining.

 Fuck!
 As soon as my health drops, party me mbers yell in party chat. I can't make
out what they're saying due to the sound of the water, and there's no way I'm
checking my VT at this moment.
 My instinct is to drop and roll for cov er, but aside from the cave wall I just
crawled down, I can't make out my surroundings. A milky eyed dead skinned,
man in a loin cloth swings hi s fist at me. This time I'm ready and able to dodge.
Severe tissue damage, perhaps his death bl ow, makes him look like he only has
half a face.  Bite appears in my hands in the way of newly equipped items, and I
bash the walking corpse in the side, and fo llow up with a roundhouse kick to the
chest. Light flashes beneath my boot. It stumbles back. I dodge an awkward
attack from the undead, and hit it with another duo of strikes from the Lightning
staff. Electricity stings its body. I'm reli eved to see that there are no additional
targets for it to jump to.
 Another swipe with it's cold hand and I'm on the defensive, slipping out of
the way. Another blow with bite and anot her kick and he's staggering back.  A
powerful roundhouse and... he disappears. What?
 I look around, clutching Bite in white knuckled hands. I don't like violent
surprises. The crossed swords indicator sh ows that I'm no longer in combat.  I
check my VT.

Butt-Trumpet: What's happening?
Pahrem:  You're out of range. I can't heal you.
TakoStar:  Did you fall?

 I catch my breath a moment, be fore submitting my response.

Melpomine:  Found the undead.
Frobod:  Where are you?

 That's a very good question.
 I look around. The light on the ceil ing seems dimmer, like those stars of
fungi are much farther away than they'd been a mere few dozen feet above. Hard
rock underfoot, but like the edge of the waterfall, it seems to stop overlooking
open space. The moaning is louder. I creep to the edge, acutely afraid of anything
that could make me go over.
 A mass of decaying groaning bodies writhe some fifteen feet below me.  At
least now I know where the wight went. I can't see how far back the wights and
zombies go due to the poor light in spite of my racial ability. I liken the group to
mass of fans crowding the stage at a rock  concert, but instead of cheers I behold
an unending chorus of moans.

Melpomine:   I'm okay, but damn. There's got to be at least two hundred of
them. I'm on like a five foot ledge that s eems cut out of the cliff.  Looks like it
wraps around the whole area.
TakoStar:  Think we can do it like the Windroost?
Melpomine:  One of those things took 40 % of my health in one hit.  It'd be
better to AOE if we have it.  Come on down but be careful, the rungs are slick.
Melpomine:  Sajina don't even try flyi ng. You'll die if you miss the ledge.

 A few minutes later, the last of the party joins me on my stone platform.
It's crowded on the narrow space.

Melpomine:    Let's walk around so we  can talk again.  It's too loud right
beside the falls.

 Instead of taking the time to type a message, Leroy and Frobod nod, and I
assume the rest of the group is in agr eement. Another wight appears just within
range of the light spell,  but it's a lot easier to deal with it when I can see it coming.
A few blows, not necessarily trying to kill, and he's over the edge like the first one.
All in all, we encounter three more such lone creatures before we come to the end.
 "Well shit."   Leroy says.
 The crowd of undead doesn't look an y thinner, and we're standing at the
end of the shelf.   We have  two choices, jump in the wa ter and hope this isn't the
River Lethe or descend another ladder that  leads right into the creatures that'd
like to eat us, or bash us until we join them.
 I say, "Please tell me someone has AoE."
 " I  d o . "  L e r o y  s a y s ,  " b u t  i t ' s  c e n t e r e d  o n  m y  p o s i t i o n  s o  i t  w o n ' t  b e  t h a t
helpful if we're trying to avoid a fight."
 Where's Laurelade when you need her?
 Pahrem says, "I got g'nades."
 "Enough for all of this?" I ask.
 Pahrem says, "Probably not."
 Tako says, "We could try stealthing..."
 I say, "I don't like our chance s.  We'd probably be spotted."
 Frobod asks, "What about that Thunder thing?"
 I say,  "Maybe if we had more light, but it only works within line of sight,
or to a place I've already been. I haven't been to whatever's on the other side of
this."
 Pahrem says, "Well, anyone got any ideas? We ain't comin' down here for
nothin'."
 I say, "We could go back up and try the other path."
 There's a long quiet as everyone considers, but no one's keen on that
suggestion. For all we know, the other passa ge will take us the opposite direction
of our destination.
 Sajina says, "Uhmmm... I've got some thing.  They're all undead, right?"
 "Looks like it." Leroy  says.
 Sajina asks, "Can any of you play an instrument?"
 I raise my hand. "Played a musician  in Freeworld, but didn't get any
magic."
 Sajina says, "That won't matter as lo ng as I'm casting the spell.  Each
additional player increases the area of effect."
 Tako says, "I had a recorder in fourth grade.  Never found the brown note.
Always wanted to make my teacher shit her pants."
 Pahrem says, "That's a horrible thing to say!"
 Tako responds, "You didn't know Mrs.  Seagull. Lady had rage issues.  The
whole class was looking for the brown note."
 I catch a snicker on Leroy's face, an d turn to Sajina. "What do ya got?"
 The gargoyle says, "I can't kill em , but I think I can keep them from
attacking us with The Dead Can Dance."
 Tako asks, "Do you only play during Halloween or something?"
 Must be another seasonal reward. I say, "Show me." Sajina  shows me the
spell in his VT.

The Dead Can Dance (Rank 4)
Cost:                                                 5000 Manna
Duration:                      One Performance (Extendable)
Requirements:
Bardic Magic (1 per Rank) or Necromancy (1 per Rank)
Performance: 12
Charisma + Performance (vocal or any instrument)
(Bardic)
Charisma + Occult (Necromancy)
Effect:
Upon successful cast, all dead and undead characters
within a twenty foot radius mu st cease all other actions
and dance. Undead players may resist these effects by
spending 100 manna per second. Players that resist
this spell for 30 consec utive seconds may not be
affected by The Dead Can Dance again for 30 minutes.
If a dancer is attacked, it will enter a horrifying rage and
pummel the attacker until it is destroyed.  If the attacker
dies, the dead will resume dancing, and the aggressor
will join them.

Bardic casters may extend t he duration of the spell to
subsequent songs by succeeding in an additional
Charisma + Performance roll so long as they do not
stop singing or playing.

The radius of this spell is extended by 10 feet per
additional musician that contributes to the song so long
as the player succeed a Charisma + Performance
check.


 "That might work."  I say,  "Let's give it a go."
 Sajina, seeming glad that the adven ture has wandered in to his realm of
expertise says, "Does anyone beside s Melpomine have any music related
abilities?"
 Frobod says, "Mel and I both have head  gear that gives us bonus points to
dancing."
 Sajina says, "That won't help. It's got to be for playing." Everyone else just
shakes their heads.  "Okay, I can buff you."
 The gargoyle opens his mouth and unle ashes a long powerful note like an
opera singer standing before a captive audience in a theater.   He holds it for one...
two... three ... seven... ten seconds. I blink in surprise.  The man's got lungs.
 Then, as if attached to an invisible string, a new light appears over the pit
of zombies. It's a great mirrored globe, th at slowly rotates in place, and scatters
bubbles of multi-colored light throughout the environment. It's like being in a
club or a high school dance.... plus zombies.  A new buff appears in the corner of
my user interface.

Party on!
Performance+1
Charisma+1
Seduction+1

 Tako laughs, "You have th e most useless spells."
 As he says this a few of the groaning  zombies startle like infants, and look
up in exploration of the new light. One guy in particular, bald headed, missing a
forearm, and wearing a blood soaked jerkin wears a comical expression of wide
eyed bewilderment... As bewildered as a dead guy can look with a missing jaw
anyway.
 "Give him a chance." I say.
 Sajina says, "The bonus performance should be enough for you to hold a
beat." He shuffles through his inventory to retrieve a mobile drum which he loans
to Leroy, and a couple of tambourines which are given to Pahrem and Tako.  He
looks to Frobod and says, "Sorry, those are all the loaners I've got."
 I say, "I've got maracas" as I put aw ay Bite, and pull them out along with
my Elebass, an elemental powered electric bass from Freeworld, out of my
inventory.
 As I hand them to Frobod, he asks "Do I even want to know why you have
these?"
 "Cinco de Mayo?" I ask with a hopeful tone in my voice. "Actually, I bought
one of pretty much every instrument I could afford while playing my music
character." I look to Sajina whose now armed with a lute, and ask "So now what?"
 He says, "I'll bet none of you spent money on the good songs..."
 Leroy says, "That's a negative."
 For musical characters, to get auto-p lay songs from modern artists like
Jarl Bang and Pin Head Toby Vs. the Nightmare you have to pay real money to
the same as you would pay for the sheet music. Otherwise, you're stuck using
either your personal music ability, or choosing a track from the library of thirty to
forty year old plus pop music that's includ ed for free. If your real world playing
skills outstrip your in-game ability, the game engine will f' up your performance
so you sound like an amateur.
 "Okay..." Sajina says, and play s a few chords on his lute.

Sajina requests your help in casting The Dead Can Dance, by playing bass.
Do you accept? Yes / No

 I choose "Yes," and catch the rest of the party doing the same.

Library Title: Murder on the Dance Floor
Artist:  Sophie Ellis Bextor
(C) 2001 Polydor Ltd. (UK)

 Without my having to think on it, my hands move over the fret board of
the bass and pluck the strings. Frobod's maracas crash in time, along with Leroy's
thumping of the drum and the rattle of tambourines. I can't believe we're doing
this.

Sajina successfully casts.  The Dead Can Dance.
Duration: Performance

 He begins by singing the title of the song, "... Murder on the Dance
Floor..." which, as it turns out, is a catchy tune that matches the disco ball
atmosphere.
 Tako says, "This is fuckin' weird." as he shakes his tambourine to the beat.
 Pahrem says, "I feel like I'm posse ssed." as she hits the same notes.
 To my surprise, all of the undead in ou r vicinity have ceased their moaning.
Without saying anything, I suppose he ca nt since he's singing, Sajina begins
going down the ladder. His shadowstalker follows, leaping over the edge like a
giant cat.  He better not kill the groove, or we'll all be dead.
 Standing close to the edge of the drop, I now see zombies bobbing their
heads in time with the beat. Craziest dungeon ever. Tako goes down next,
followed by Leroy, Pahrem, and now I bring up the rear.
 It's a lot eerier being on the ground plucking at my bass surrounded by
zombies and wights that are mostly taller than I am. A dot of light hit's one right
in the face, and I see an eyeball hanging o ut on to it's cheek. It claps, spins, and
dances off the opposite direction.
 Using party chat I say, "Keep heading toward the river. See if there's a way
to cross."
 An unspoken effect of the spell also seems to be that the dead make room
for musicians as we pass through them. Th ey part before us like Moses and the
Red Sea. It's strange to see the dead moving about in different dances to the same
song. A few of the new ones smell of rot and death, but most of the dried out
husks and skeletal remains are thankfully absent of scent. Most dancers are
garbed in worn or decomposing adventuring gear.
 We just passed a group of about twenty shambling in a synchronized line
dance, meanwhile up ahead at 2 o'clock I see a dead man and dead woman in
travel leathers, spinning about in a style that's pure tango, throw in a bunch of
70s struts and pointing from our left, and the whole unliving throng is a soup of
boogie chaos. Decrepit limbs, and em aciated hips often make gut turning
grinding sounds as they are pressed into fluid motion so alie n to their deceased
state of being.
 Frobod calls back, "Bridge up ahead!" in between shakes of his maracas.
 Good.  I'm just waiting for the spell to snap like a rubber band, and have us
all turned in to bloody smears under pulp on the cave floor. Can't stop playing.   I
look to Tako shaking his tambourine. You better not kill the groove.
 I want to run for safety as I set foot on the brid ge, but maintain a steady
pace.  Coast looks clear up ahead, but the water's choppy underneath.  I don't
want to even think about what might be lurking in there. I doubt we'd be so lucky
as to see little blind fish. The Freehaven style would be to include giant piranhas
or ten foot long leaches, that are  as big around as my thigh.
 We're all still playing when we cross, but Pahrem stops shaking her
Tambourine. I suspect the radius of effect just dropped by ten f eet.   I give her a
questioning look, but she ignores me. No w she waves her hands in an intricate
gesture, and barks a word in a guttural language of which I am unfamiliar.
 "Giralatu!"
 A rectangle, much like a sheet of glass pushes away from her palms and
grows larger, as it settles across the half way mark on the bridge.
 "What's that?"  I ask.
 Pahrem says, "Ward vs Undead." I'm about to ask why she didn't mention
that sooner when she adds. "It's for blocking doors or a bridge like this, but they
can go around. Let's just hope these guys can't swim."
 Most likely, so long as  none of them are attack ed, they'll stick to their
designated area. Even so, just to be safe,  I take the party a good thirty feet from
the bridge before saying "We can stop playing now." I stow the bass in my
inventory, and re-equip bite. Frobod returns my maracas, and Leroy laughs.
 He says, "This is going to make great viewing! A melee group like ours, and
no AoE magic... That could have been almo st an hour of fighting, and we just
walked through."
 I say, "Give your thanks to Sajina."
 Leroy says, "Well done bard. Well play ed!" and claps the gargoyle on the
shoulder. Sajina collects his drum and the tambourines.
 Pahrem adds, "Yeah kid, ya did good." as she hands hers over.
 The disco ball still shines on the othe r side of the river, and I ask "How
long will that stay up?"
 Sajina sounds uncharacteristically sh y, comparing to the elf from Fire and
Soul, and says "Thirty minutes if I don't renew it."
 Tako says, "I want to see the looks on adventurers faces that stumble
across it."
 Frobod points and says, "Look."
 In the distance, illuminated only by glowing flora there's an archway, and
at it's center is a spinning portal.




Chapter 7 - Through the Gate

 I say, "Slow down" as soon as I'm sure  what we're looking at. "I think that's
it."
 Leroy says, "Good thing we didn't go back the other way."
 Pahrem says, "That could have been the really long way."
 I say, "Sajina get ready. Once we're at Cerberus it's your job to play.
Something nice... Something beautiful. The legend says that it'll put him to
sleep."
 He asks, "Should I use the sleep spell?"
 I shrug, "It couldn't hurt. Tako, you and I drop into stealth and scout
ahead to make sure there's no monsters and see about the setup."
 Tako asks, "Isn't Cerberus a dog?"
 "Yeah..." I say, "With three heads. Why?"
 Tako says, "Dogs and wolves are good at piercing stealth. Not saying it's
impossible but... It is a boss."
  "In that case," I say, "We'll have to be extra careful. I've got an 'Oh shit'
button that'll drop me out of combat, plus we have three resers. It'll suck if we die,
but better us than have the whole group blindsided."
 "I see your point."  He says.
 I say, "Plate wearers, you're on guar d duty 'til we get back, just in case
anything sneaks up. If undead start cro ssing let us know asap and we'll come
running."
 Leroy salutes with his gauntleted fist, and Frobod adds a double thumbs
up. I'm surprised at how well Leroy is doing in the group. Not by his performance,
he easily hits the hardest, but by his willingness to follow orders. Being the big
name that he is, I can easily imagine him trying to steam roll me into doing things
his way.
 I nudge Tako's arm and say "Let's hit it."
 There's a notable lack of monsters as  we approach.  Mushrooms still, along
with the weird ferns and luminescent vine s, but I've yet to hear a single bat
chitter after crossing the bridge.  The air also feels heavier... More still , as if we're
now some how disconnected from the breezes that occasionally rushed past us on
the other side.
 "Coasts looks clear."  I whisper.
 Tako says, "It's party chat, so yo u don't have to hush your voice."
 "Habit, I guess.  Makes me feel more stealthy."
 Still no monsters. It makes me think about what they say about the forest;
all the animals go silent when there's a predator around, and I don't think I'm the
one they are  afraid of. All we can do is creep forward, and scope out the gate.
 "There."  Tako says, and points. There' s a small nook to the left side of the
gate, with a hulking figure tucked into it. It 's hard to make out all its features, but
from where I'm standing it could very well have three heads. "Is it sleeping?"
 I hold my hand up signaling Tako to stop and creep closer on my own.
The great beast yawns and shakes it's he ads. The black and white furred animal
stands on all fours at an astonishing ten feet tall.
 "Not sleeping." I say, as six eyes star e down at me. The center head has the
droopy eyed face of a Greek sheep dog, wh ere as the two on either side have tall
ears and angular features. A long time ag o I had an ex who lived with too many
animals, and the heads on either side of the center remind me of what I was told
was an alopekis. Greek animals for a Greek hell, I guess.
 I take a step forward, and the center head growls. I raise my foot to take
another step, and both the alopekis heads bark. That's my cue to inch myself back.
My heart's pounding.  I know that death is  only temporary, but I'd really rather
not go out with a mauling.
 Dropping out of both party chat and st ealth, I say "Cerberus?" It's hard to
keep my voice from shaking. I just breath e deep, and put everything I've got into
making my tone non-threatening.

You have gained the skill Animal Ken.
Current level: 1

 I'm surprised by the notice. Changing my tone while addressing Cerberus
was apparently the first step along the path of animal handling and training.
Basically anything animal care or beha vior related outside of riding a mount
comes down to the Animal Ken skill. I'm also glad for the extra points this will
give me to invest in special abilities.  Every time you get a new skill or skill up,
you get additional points to invest in spells or abilities like Aegis.
 Now that I'm out of it's apparent agro radius, all three heads tilt on an axis
to question me. A tail that ends in a giant spade swishes back and forth. The
expression in those many eyes seems to  say, "Hey... durrrr.. What are ya doin'?
Got a bone? I like bones. How about rawhid e? Elephant ear? It's been so long
since I chewed a dried elephant ear!  ... Durrrrr... Wanna play?"
 I take a deliberate experimental step forward.  The tail stops moving, and a
deep rumble sounds in the center head 's throat. The way all those eyes narrow
m a k e s  m e  f e e l  l i k e  t h e  a n i m a l ' s  t h i n k i n g  " D o n ' t  h a v e  b o n e s ,  b u t  I ' l l  g n a w  o n
yours!" Okay, time to move back.
 I look around, and find a large mushroom stalk growing out of a crevasse
beside me. I pick it. The head's the size of two of my fists. It glows in my hand like
a flying saucer.
 "Cerberus!" I wave the mushroom around like a stick. "Catch!" The fungus
leaves my hand flying high in the air. I ge t an abrupt chill as I realize that if I'm
unlucky, the game will consider this an attack.
 Oh shit. Oh shit!
 My heart about stops when one of the alopekis mouths snatches it out of
the air. With a devilish tail wag.  All three heads look to me expectantly.
 "Hey Tako."  I say. "You wouldn't happen to have a ball in your inventory,
would you?  Maybe a vendor trash bow?"
 "Yeah, why?" He says.
 " I  w a n t  y o u  t o  s l o w l y  a p p r o a c h  a n d  g i v e  i t  t o  m e .  N o t h i n g  e x p e n s i v e .  I
don't think you need stealth as long as you don't come too quick, and don't set a
foot past me."
 "O..kay..." He says. A few moments late r I hear his footsteps in the passage
behind me. I hold out my hand, not for a second turning my gaze from Cerberus.
"What are you doing?"
 I say, "Watch." as he places the sha ft of a poor quality bow in my palm.
"Cerberus!"  I wave the bow around more effectively than I had the mushroom; a
proper stick. Fetch!" I heave the weapon  through the gate.  Though there's a
shimmering translucent portal, it seems to only work for adventurers. The
monster's head follows its path, up, through the air  and down to where it clatters
on the rock. "Go get it."  I make kissing sounds.  "Go get the stick."
  "You've got balls." Tako says as Cerb erus turns tail and runs. It's only now
that we can see, hundreds of long necked dragon heads sprouting up like garden
flowers along the monster's spine down to it's butt. Each of the little heads spews
puffs of orange flame when Cerberus is excited. They wiggle, and squirm from it's
back like a Medusa Mohawk.
 "Oh, God..." I say. "I thought it was just a dog."
 Cerberus bounds back, clutching the bo w in the mouth of the center face.
It drops the bow some five feet away, and nu dges it closer with it's big black nose.
T a k o  g i v e s  m e  a  l o o k ,  a s  I  b e n d  d o w n  t o  r e t r i e v e  i t .  T h e  h a p p y  b o d y  l a n g u a g e
seems to fade from Cerberus, though ther e's no growling. I'm very careful as I
reach forward not to move my toes an inch from where they're planted.

You have received broken Short Bow.

 I carefully pull it back over the course  of agonizing seconds, and blow out a
deep  breat h  wh en  I'm  s tan din g s traigh t again . Th at p oin ted tai l  s tarts w aggin g,
even more ferociously than before. "You want to fetch?"
 "Woof."  From the sheep dog.
 "Play go get the stick?" The alopekis heads bark together. "Go get it!" I
heave the bow as hard as I can. It flie s through the open gate. Cerberus doesn't
wait for it to land before charging after.

You have gained 500 personal reputat ion with Cerberus - Guardian of
Hades.

 You can get reputation with a dog?
 I say, "Let's get back to the group before he comes back."
 We hurry back down the dark passage from which we came, but not in
time to avoid hearing a trio of canine whimpers, which bleed into raucous howls
of loss as we go. It's chilling in a way that makes me wonder how long this virtual
animal has been down here alone. Five hundred rep for a couple of stick throws
should have told me something.
 "OWWWWEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!" A trio of howls sound.
 I stop.
 "I can't take this." I say to Tako. Go back and bring everyone here. We've
established there are no other monsters. Ju st make sure you approach slowly.  I
don't know how it'll react if you're all running.
 "What are you going to do?" Tako asks.
 I sigh. "I'm gonna go back and play fetch."
 "Really?"  Tako asks.
 I say, "I don't think it'll shut up any other way."
 "OWWWWEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!"
 "See what I mean?" I say, "I'm getting a headache."
 Tako says, "I'll go get em'."
 The howls stop as soon as I see Ce rberus's silhouette in the mushroom
gloom. Its tale wags, and it pants eagerly. When I get closer it pushes the broken
bow on the floor toward me.   This is pathetic.
 "Alright." I say, "I'm back. Are you go ing to let me pick it up this time
without playing Twister?"
 I decide to give my rep gain a test, by taking a full step closer than I had
before.
 "Grrrrrrrrrrr." Snap! Vicious teeth clack together mere inches from my
face. Hot smelling breath pours on to my cheek. I stumble back and fall on my ass.
The monster whimpers.
  I take a moment to feel the cold ca ve stone beneath my palms, and listen
to the sound of my heart.  That... was... close.
 I stand, brush myself off, and equi p Bite and attempt to drag the bow
toward me. This is a lot more effective than reaching forward on my hands and
knees. Once I have the broken short bow in  hand, I give it another good toss, and
watch the monster give chase.
 We're on our third fetch when I hear armor clunking in the background.
Pahrem says, "This is one wacky dungeo n." when she see's Cerberus carrying
back the bow.
 Tako says, "What do you know about wacky Pahrem?"
 No one seems to know what to say to that, so we let it drop.  When the boss
senses the others he approaches more cauti ously. Some of the joy fading from its
demeanor. Nevertheless, the sheepdog head  drops the bow and pushes it on the
ground, half way across that invisible line that must not be crossed.  When I don't
make any attempt to retrieve it, the head  on the left bends down and tries to
nudge it toward me.
 "Whatta we do now?'  Pahrem asks.
 I ask, "Got your lute?" with  a glance to the gargoyle.
 Sajina gulps and says, "Yeah."
 "Well, get ready and start playing." I turn my attention to Cerberus, and
speak in a baby talk voice. "Cerberus!" kiss  kiss kiss "I've got a surprise for you?
Do you want a surprise?"  The tail wags. "Oh boy! Cerberus loves the surprises!"
Wag wag wag.
 Tako says, "He could literally kill someone with that thing."
 Leroy just looks amused, whereas Sa jina.... I can't exactly call him pale
since he's made of stone, but if he were still in his elf form I'm pretty sure he'd
look a lot whiter.
 "Do you like music?" I make more ki ss kiss kiss sounds. "Someone told me
you do." I'm reaching into the realm of  heavy deep baby talk. "Nice music for
the..." the word 'doggy' feels awkward on my lips.  "Do you like music?"
 The sheepdog woofs at the exact same time the right alopekis unleashes a
shrill bark.
 Slipping out of baby voice, I regard the gargoyle and say "It's time to make
the big bucks. Lets hear that lute." He's hesitating. "Pick an auto song if you've
got nerves. I don't know if you ever relied on your own skill."
 He nods and plays, a gentle song I haven't heard before.  I inspect him and
discover it's called "Nothing Else Matters " by a some band called Metallica from
the early 1990s. So old. I wonder if all their songs ar e so peaceful.  Cerberus lays
down on his stomach, and gets a dreamy expression on all three faces.
 When he finishes the song, the sheep dog face rumbles a low "woof."
While sleepy, all eyes are very much open.  I pull out my VT and watch the
combat log to see what's happening.

Sajina casts Sleep. Target: Cerberus.  Failure.
Song: Nothing Else Matters
Artist: Metallica
(C) 1991
Channeled Effect:  30% Completion
Channeled Effect:  25% Completion
Channeled Effect:  20% Completion

 Sajina says, "I don't know why it sa ys channeling. It's supposed to be an
instant cast spell."

Channeled Effect: 15% Completion.

 "Keep playing," I say. Cerberus becomes  restless, looking around like he's
about to stand on all fours. "Completion drops the longer you're not playing."
 Sajina starts on another free to play tune from the 90s.

Sajina casts Sleep. Target: Cerberus. Channeling.
Song: The Quiet Room
Artist: Babes in Toyland
(C) 1991
Channeled Effect:  25% Completion

 I put my VT away, and see that Cerber us is mellowing out again.  His eyes
close, but his monstrous tail still some times flops around, and the little dragon
heads on his back are puffing little blasts of steam.
 The completion bar rises. No one else moves or says anything for fear of
breaking the spell and causing Cerberus to attack.

Butt-Trumpet: If this works, it'll be Epic.

 The next tune runs out, and the he ll hound's eyes creep slowly open.
Instead of stopping, Sajina jumps into a mellow song by one of my favorite bands
Jarl Bang. At least he has good taste in real life music.  The melody soothes
Cerberus until his eyes shut again. A minute or two into the performance quiet
canine breathing transforms into a chorus of three-headed snoring, and gentle
whistling through dog noses.
 I check my log to be sure.

Sajina casts Sleep. Target: Cerberus. Success!
Duration:  Minimum 10 minutes, or until attacked.

 I motion everyone toward the portal and mouth the words  "Go! Go! Go!"
I'm the last on the retreat.  Leroy, Tako  and Sajina along with his shadowstalker
have all passed through. Now Frobod's going.

Pahrem:  You comin'?
Melpomine:  Just a sec.

 I double back and place the old broken short bow beside Cerberus, before
darting back toward the portal.

Loading....
Loading....

 In the way of portals, my whole body  feels weightless before my feet touch
the ground.


Chapter 8 - Welcome to Hades


GLOBAL ALERT

The world's first adventurers have bested Cerberus and
entered the Realm of Hades! Congratulations to
Melpomine, TakoStar, Pahrem, Sajina, Frobod and
Butt-Trumpet!

They have all earned the title Helldiver!


Achievement Unlocked:  Kindness Unto Monstrous Beasts
Enter the Realm of Hades without harming Cerberus.
Rewards:
+ 1 Animal Ken
+1000 Personal Reputation with Cerberus

 A large chest appears as soon as we arrive on the other side.  We're no
longer in a cave. It's... not what I thought it'd be. We're standing at the top of a
gentle sloping hill covered in long yellow grass.  A dirt path wide enough for us to
walk single file extends from where we em erge to as far as the eye can see.  The
air is fresh, and the sun glimmers in a red sky, as it dips under the horizon. I turn
around to see a large, stone archway fille d with a translucent shimmering portal
that I assume leads back to the caves.
 Leroy abandons the Butt-Trumpet alias. For a moment he's wrapped like a
mummy in ethereal streamers of Red that  match the jerkin he wore to Cupcake
Keep. When they fade, we're looking at the same Leroy that visited HQ.
 H e  s a y s ,  " T h e r e  g o e s  m y  a n o n y m i t y .  A s  s o o n  a s  t h i s  f e e d  a i r s ,  e v e r y o n e
will know the Butt-Trumpet connection."
 Sajina, now seeing Leroy in his natural form says, "I've been traveling with
Leroy Jensen?" To his credit, the gargoyle hasn't shouted out a chorus of Leroy's
n a m e .  P e r h a p s ,  a s  a  m o r e  s o c i a l  g a m e r ,  h e ' s  l e s s  l i k e l y  t o  w a t c h  v i d e o s  a b o u t
raiding.
 "Surprise." Leroy says with a grin. "O n a quest like this, I didn't want to
attract stalkers."
 Sajina says, "Whoa..." as if trying to  make sense of it. "I always thought
you were taller."
 Tako says, "I want to see what's in the box."

Lyre of Cerberus
Type:                                        Instrument (Harp)
Quality:                                                                    Epic
Base Damage:
N/A
Equipped Bonus:
Charisma + 3, Performance + 5 (Any Music)
Special Properties:

Soothe - Channeled Ability
(Use: Once Per Hour)
Casts "Sleep (Rank 5)" Unlik e the normal sleep spell,
this is a channeled effect and may be used on hostile
targets that are curr ently engaged in combat. If
completion rises above ten percent, and then drops to
zero, you may not attempt to use Soothe for one hour.

Hades Pauldrons

Type:                                                  Plate
Slot:                                            Shoulder
Armor                                                      3
Quality:                                                                   Epic
Equipped Bonus:
Intellect +2, Strength +3, Stamina + 4

You have received Hades Gold Mark x1.

 I say, "Leroy and Frobod, either of you need the Pauldrons?"
 Leroy shakes his head.  "They aren't an y better than what I already have."
 "Frobod?"  I ask.
 Frobod says, "They're an upgrade for me."
 "Congratulations." I say and hand them over.
 The rest of the party, all but Saji na,  echoes a chorus of, "Grats" and
"Conga-Rats" and "Congratulations."
 "What's the mark for? Did you get one?" Frobod asks. "Do they have a
different currency here?"
 "Yeah, I got one.  I think we all did, I don't think so." I say. "Examine it."


Hades Gold Mark
Description:
Used to pay fares to cross rivers in the underworld.
Type:                                                     Currency

 Frobod says, "I just did. It says currency."
 "Yeah," I say "But the description says it's for transportation. I think it's
more of a quest item."
 Pahrem asks, "So if we all got one coi n to cross the river, and Mirae's on
the other side, how are we gonna get back?"
 I say, "Let's cross that bridge when we come to it... No pun intended." This
whole time, the gargoyle looks like his tong ue's about to hit the earth as he ogles
the harp. "One more item. It's obvious that this is a Bard item. That said, Sajina's
not getting it. At least, not yet, because we have a contract. Is everyone cool with
me holding on to it until we know if the gargoyle's coming with us?"
 Tako says, "I have no use for it."
 Leroy says, "As long as you're not automatically keeping it for yourself
without a roll, I'm good with that."
 Sajina looks like he's about to protes t, but I raise a finger that makes any
arguments die on his lips. "Rules are rules.  Unlike the rest of us, you're getting
paid, and now you've got a decision to ma ke. Give up the gold, take the harp, and
continue with us across the River Lethe,  or we leave you here, you become a
thousand gold richer, and you find your own way back to Durolan. "
 "Back through the cave?" He asks with a note of fear sounding in his voice.
 I shrug. "You could die and go back to  your bind point, or try a recall stone
if you have one."
 "Can I think on it?" Sajina says.
 I look to everyone. "Are you guys tire d?  Sun's going down, this might be a
good place to make camp. Do you all have tents?"
 Leroy says, "I've got a big one."
 I say, "Looks like we're camping so I'll give you till we leave tomorrow.
Otherwise, everyone will either roll for the harp or it'll go to the guild bank. " I
pause looking out over the serene environment, and say to everyone "Go ahead
and start setting up. I'm going to take a walk. I've got something to do for my
Thunderlord quest."
 Frobod asks, "Are you sure you'll be okay?"
 I say, "No monsters in sight. I think I'll be fine. If something comes up I'll
shout in party chat."  Then, in a louder  voice I remind everyone "Remember no
eating anything you get here. If you're hu ngry stick to jerky and trail rations. If
you find water, don't drink it."
 Sajina says, "I can conjure water and wine... and the banquet table, but it
all tastes like standard Haven fare...." He a dds in a wistful tone of voice. "Not like
what your used to."
 "You heard him everyone. Use your wa ter skins, or see the bard. I don't
w a n t  t o  h a v e  t o  d o  a n y  m o r e  r e s c u e  m i s s i o n s . "  T h a t  l a s t  c o m m e n t  i s  a  s t a r k
reminder of why we're all here. "Pahrem ... If you don't mind, try scrying. Now
that we've cleared the gate, it might work here."
 She says, "You've got it boss."
 Leroy says, "I'll get started on the tent."
 I walk down the hill on the right, ig noring the path in front of us, looking
for some place to set up a temporary shri ne where I can burn incense. I like the
feeling of the vegetation brushing up against my body, and drag my fingers
through the top of the waist high tall grass appreciating the texture.
 There's a cherry blossom tree up ah ead where the grass is shorter that
reminds me of the Quad at the University of Washington campus. I discover a log
of another type of wood beneath it and deci de it's a good  location to perform my
ritual. The log can be used as a make shift alter. The floral scent in the air
reminds me as much of Mirae's healing as the colors remind me of school back in
the real world.
 I pull a stick of the common incense from my bag, along with the
meditation stone.  There's a little crack th at allows me to wedge the wood end of
the stick so that the incense stands upright. Using flint and steel to start a fire will
take forever, so I begin a simple kata to trigger the most basic Freeworld fire spell.
 A pinch of yang magic energy rises with in me, and I direct it at the tip of
my offering with slow motions and intentio n. It starts as a flash of heat in the
small of my back, creeps over my shoulders, and brushes my cheek.  It then runs
down the length of my extended arm and leaps to the target from my fingertips.

Cast. Budding Flame (Rank One). Success.

 In moments the incense begins smoldering. I kneel before the log, and
touch my forehead to the meditation stone.

You are praying.  Do you want to of fer tribute to Sune , God of Lightning
and Travel?   Yes / No

 I choose yes, and the stick of incens e vanishes in much the same way my
more expensive offering did at the temple. Prayer heard... I guess.  I check the
quest log to see if there's anything else I need to do.

Quest - Thunderlord
Difficulty: Moderate

To become a Thunderlord in Sune's servi ce, you must travel to a far off
land, and return to the temple of Sune  in Durolan with a trophy which will
be sacrificed on his alter.

This journey must be completed in a way befitting a member of Sune's
clergy.

Objectives:
Return from Journey    0/1
Offer Tribute (once every 24 hours)  1/1
Sacrifice Trophy     0/1

Prohibitions:

Sune's thunderbolts are long and fa r reaching. You may not use any
weapon in battle that is less than 35 inches in length until this quest is
completed. This prohibition does not apply to ranged weapons.

Rewards:
Title:  Thunderlord
Reputation:  Clergy of Sune (Honored)
Ability to Cast Divine Spells
+5000 reputation with clergy of allied deities.

Cost of Failure:
Cannot attempt to join Sune's clergy for six months.

 "Okay then." I say aloud, assuming th at if I miss a day, that 1/1 in the
tribute objective will go down to 0/1.
 Praying in the game is an odd experi ence because I know, better than most
players as a game developer, that Sune's  j u s t  s o m e  g u y  w e  m a d e  u p  a n d  g a v e
domains and stats to provide Freehaven with culture and lore. At the same time,
going through the motions of burning in cense, getting on my knees, and going
through the physical motions of prayer  feels oddly spiritual. Not that I'm
reaching out to the God Sune, though I kn ow that within the context of the game
I am, but somehow, somewhere an unknow able being that transcends both the
real world and the virtual one might be there with me.
 I  w i s h  I  k n e w  w h a t  i t  w a n t e d .  I t ' s  l i k e  h a v i n g  a  g h o s t  l o o m  o v e r  m y
shoulder. So long as I'm alive, I can't say I mind being stuck in the game for an
extended period of time, but like a pack rat, I'm still not read y to let go of my
body.  It's the whole "What if I might n eed it for something?" thing, and I think
I'll need a lot more than a few weeks away to divorce my relationship with Earth.
 I'm not like Mirae who saw digitizati on as her one, possibly limited time,
chance to escape a broken body. My body ' s  g o o d  b a c k  i n  M e a t s v i l l e .  I ' v e  g o t  a
good life, if a bit lonely, comparatively sp eaking. I kiss my meditation stone, look
to the sky, and say "Thank you."
 Without rain, thunder sounds in the distance.
 As I walk back to camp, I see that Le roy has already erected a tent.  It looks
like one of those family sized things for the car camping we used to do as kids. I'm
also thinking about Mirae... So, we're in Hades. Now what?   It's not exactly like
the quest gave us instructions. There's al so the very real possibility that Mirae
isn't actually here, and we're gonna have to bring back some random NPC to
complete the quest.  I don't think, or want to believe that will happen since we got
the "Mirae has come online" message, but who knows?" Now that we're actually
in Hades, I can't think of anything we'v e found so far that indicates that she's
actually here.
  When I hit conversation distance from the camp Pahrem looks excited. "I
got somethin'!  Scryin' works!"
 "Really?" I say.  So much doubt for nothing.
 "Yeah!" She says, "Check it out!"
 "Hold up. Better get Tako, he'll want to see." I call out, "Tako! C'mere.
Leroy, if you're done with the tent, you too."
 We all huddle around Pahrem who has a bowl filled with water sitting on a
blue cloth.  She has four grey and white feathers as if from a seagull  framing the
outside of the bowl like silverware. Th e goblin mumbles something in the harsh
goblin tongue, and then splashes a couple of spots of green energy into the dish
from a dropper. It reminds me of the s tuff Aztram used while making my boots,
until she stirs it with her fingers, and blows over the surface creating small lime
colored waves in the water.

Pahrem casts Scry (Rank 3). Success.
Duration: 1 minute

 As she blows in the bowl, the liquid begins to take on new colors until the
green is just a ring along the outside edge.   The center is much like a video feed
focused on a Sea Elf girl with minty green hair, and long ears.
 "It's Mirae...."  Tako says, in a tone of wonder.
 I try to focus in on her surrounding s which are unfortunately not helpful.
She's sitting at a table with a book open in front of her. I can't make out the text,
but by the way she sips a gl ass of water while reading, I assume she's in either a
private room at an inn, or a sparsely populated tavern.
 Leroy says, "Can't make much of that.  It could be any of a thousand places
across Haven." I sigh, knowing the odds of recognizing a place that's probably in
the underworld was a long shot.
 "Yeah..." Tako says, "... but it's Mirae!"  I share his elation, as he grasps my
hand. "She's not dead.  She's still here!"
 I'm not going to split hairs over the de ad vs. alive thing, so I smile and say
"Yeah..."  I don't want to seem weak by  crying, but nevertheless dab the corner of
my eyes with my index finger. "We didn't come all this way for nothing."
 Pahrem says, "Hey, uhh.. guys... I can't send messages to our guild
members. I was gonna let em' know we found her."
 I give it a try of my own.

Melpomine:  Hey Chef. We found Mirae. We can scry her now.

You cannot send messages to the living without the aid of magic.

 I say, "Well that's unhelpful."
 Pahrem says,  "They'll just have to wait for the news."
 "Hey guys,"  Tako says, "I can't send a message to Mirae either."
 I give it a go to see what he's talking about.

Melpomine: Mirae!  You're okay!

You cannot send messages to players that may be the object of your
current quest.

 Tako says, "I'm gonna drop the quest and try contacting her."
 Leroy gives him an "Are you seriou s?" look, and I say "Chill. You'll be
kicking your ass if you miss out on extreme loot. There could be hidden rewards."
 Tako say, "But I've gotta tell her we're coming! She'll never know unless we
tell her."
 I say, "She'll know anyway as soon as we find her." I turn to Leroy, "What
about that Lorak guy?  Can we use him?"
 Leroy says, "I don't know, I've never been in Hades."
 "Try it."  I say.
 He says, "First I need to write a letter."
 Tako and I speak at almost the exact time, "Then do it!"
 Leroy gives us a look that says "Patie nce... I was just about to." and pulls
out a quill, a book to serve as a hard surface, and a sheet of parchment.  He
begins scrawling in the same script I remember from the letter I received outside
the Lodge of Arcanum. Pauses, and says  "Is everyone's in game clock working?"
  I give mind a check, and see the digi tal read out in my feed.   "Looks like
it."
 "Pahrem... Is there anything stopping  you from using the scry spell again
tomorrow?"
 "Nah.." She says. "I'll be full on manna, and got plenty of reagents.  It's just
the basic version of the spell."
 "Okay, good." Leroy says, and continues writing.  He signs his name with a
flourish, and toggles something in his VT to initiate a friend request, which shows
up on the paper as a pair of glowing blue  brackets around his name. He re-reads
to make sure he hasn't forgotten anything.

"Mirae,

Melpomine, Tako, Frobod, Pahrem, the bard Sajina and myself are in Hades, and
a r e  c o m i n g .  B e  r e a d y  t o  m o v e  w h e n  w e  a r r i v e .  W e ' r e  b r i n g i n g  y o u  b a c k  t o
Durolan and your guild.

If your clock is still working, please vi sit a landmark of the place you are located
at 8:00 AM, Durolan time tomorrow morning. We will be scrying, and it will help
us find you.

Sincerely,
Leroy Jensen"

  "Tell her I miss her!" Tako says.
 I put a calming hand on his arm and say "She already knows. Short and to
the point is better." I regard Leroy, "Good thinking on the landmark."
 Leroy nods, folds the letter and pushes it in a course brown paper envelope.
He touches the end of the triangle where the envelope closes with his thumb, and
a wax seal appears with a stylized "LJ" where he touched it.
 Leroy says, "Now to see if  Lorak will do his job."
 Tako asks, "Who's Lorak?"
 I say, "If this works, you'll see."
 Leroy retrieves a glass orb with red sm oke that swirls around inside like a
snow globe from his inventory. He rubs th e surface like he's making a wish on a
magic lamp, and says "Come forth my messenger."
 A gout of flame and black smoke erupts  with a whiff of brimstone startling
Tako and Pahrem into taking steps back. Standing before Leroy where the flame
vanishes is a horned man in a black tunic and red skin like a bloody sun. His thick
t w o  p r o n g e d  t a i l  l u r c h e s  a r o u n d  l i k e  a  f i s h  o n  l a n d  w h e n  h e  b o w s  a n d  s a y s ,  " I
serve the Malefactors."
 Leroy passes him the note in two finger s, "Deliver this to Mirae in Hades."
 Lorak grins a wicked smile filled with wolf's teeth, "You have my coin?"
 I look to Pahrem and say, "As soon as he goes, start scrying. I want to see
this.
 Tako says,  "Yeah me too."
 Leroy tosses the devil a black drawstring  bag, filled with coins that make a
hearty clink.
 Lorak catches them in a fist, and sa ys "Consider it done." and disappears
in the same puff of soot and fire he arrived in.
 Leroy regards Tako and answers his earlier question, "Demonic
messenger. He works for the guild."
 Pahrem says, "I've got her. Look."
 We gaze down to see Lorak materi alizing in front of Mirae in his
customary bow, and holding out the letter.  There's no sound, but I can almost
hear him saying "Leroy Jensen of the Malefactors sends his regards." after having
my own experience.
 She looks confused, breaks the seal an d reads. Her green eyes dart back
and forth across the page. A moment late r she breaks into a big smile, and
presses the parchment to her breast. She l ooks up, staring out into space, as if
trying to peer back through the scrying pool, before looking back down to the
letter and re-reading.
 Leroy says, "She just accepted my fr iend request. She's online. Weird.
What's that snake thing next to her name?"
 "It's an Oroboros." I say.  "Not sure what it means within the context of the
game. Only the people who failed digitizing seem to have it."
 Leroy looks to Pahrem. "Eight AM tomorrow. Don't be late."
 She says, "Who do ya think I am? I ain't no slouch. I'll be ready."
 "It's been a long day."  I say. The su n's now gone leaving only a starry sky
in its wake.  Leroy's cast a light spell on  a stone beside the tent, so it's not too
dark.  "I think we ought to get some rest , and break into that jerky. Tomorrow we
search for the River Lethe."



Chapter 9 - Charon's Boat

 My eyes pop open.  It's still dark. The light of Leroy's stone has long faded.
We're all inside the tent, and I'm situated on a bedroll with Frobod to my right,
and the much smaller Pahrem to my left.
 Tako says, "Hey, Mel, are you awake?"
 "Yeah..."  I say, then take a deep breath through my nose. What is that?
Sweat... Stale corn chips? My eyes pick up the outlin e of Tako's boots in the
darkness, and I say.  "Your feet stink.  Haven't you washed your feet since we got
stuck here."
 "Uhmmm..." He says. "My feet specifically?"
 "Come on..." I say, trying to keep my voice down. "It's not like Cupcake
Keep doesn't have baths."
 Having been stuck in game for over a week now, I've come to learn that as
a half-elf as soon as I answer "Yes" to  the sleep prompt I'm out for exactly six
hours unless something intentionally wa kes me. For humans it's eight, and
goblins about seven. I eye Sajina havi ng no clue how much sleep gargoyles
require each day. In any case, Tako and I are the fully refreshed early risers due
to our half elven heritage.
 He says, "Want to go outside?"
 "Might as well." I say, and sit up.
 The cool morning air is nice and fres h on my face. Far better than a tent
filled with six adventure worn bodies. After closing the front flap, I stroll away,
and ask "How'd you sleep?"
 He says, "Like the dead. Same as always."
 I ask, "Do you ever dream?"
 Tako says, "Not since we've been in the game."
 "I wonder if that'll ever change." In  the real world I've always been an
active dreamer, and I'm coming to miss th ose nocturnal adventures.  Tako just
shrugs, so I add "How are you feeling?"
 "Good." He says, "I mean... We've got proof that she's down here. Some
part of her still exists in the game."
 "I know what you mean."  I say, "It was really hard at first just to believe. I
was afraid of having hope, and losing her all over again. Now, we even have proof
that we can bring her back for this quest because of that error message."
 "I wonder what she's b een doing all this time."
 I shrug, "This isn't exactly the hell we're used to thinking of. Everything
we've seen suggests this place is based on ancient Greek religion, which places
us..." I trail, as if searching a map while digging through my memory.
 "Where?"  Tako asks.
 I say, "In or near Elsyiu m or the Asphodel Meadows."
 "Awesome." He says, sounding reliev ed and as if he knows exactly what
I'm talking about. A few seconds later he asks, "What's that?"
 I say, "Elsyium's where the souls of  heroes, demigods, and the especially
righteous go, and the Asphodel Meadows are for average folks that didn't do
anything especially great or evil. Thinki ng of this like a designer, the Meadows
make the most sense upon arrival. That  way you can quest to enter the more
exclusive parts of the underworld. There's probably a rep grind to enter Elysium,
aka the dead cool kids club, and quests to  defeat monsters in or near Tartarus.
That's hell."
 Tako says, "You're really into this mythology stuff."
 "I guess so. It's a hobby of mine. I like learning about old religions and
have been reading about them for years."
 Tako says, "I just want to see her."
 "Me too."
 Tako asks, "What do you think will ha ppen when we get back to Durolan?"
 I say, "They'll do some ritual and bring her back to life, I guess."
 "Do you think it will change her?" Ta ko asks, "I mean... more than just
making her alive again."
 " I ' m  s u r e  s h e ' l l  b e  t h e  s a m e  p e r s o n  i f  t h a t ' s  w h a t  y o u ' r e  a s k i n g . "  I  s a y .
"Who knows what'll happen to her stats. This is the perfect opportunity for the
game to introduce new gear or bonuses. Perhaps even a new race to go with the
expansion."
 "You were a dev, did you even know anything about in-game Hades?"
 T h a t  g i v e s  m e  p a u s e ,  a n d  I  c h o o s e  m y  w o r d s  c a r e f u l l y .  " I  d i d n ' t  k n o w
about it, and if I worked on the project, they certainly didn't assign me to a Hades
team. Most of my work was in creature, item and mount design, though in the
past I've done environments. I know fo r a fact that I haven't made any Haven
specific content because I worked for VWI, before the buyout."
 VWI, aka Virtual World Innovation s, was the company that created
Freeworld Online before Haven bought it, and merged the games Haven and
Freeworld Online into Freehaven Online.
 Tako says, "Maybe we'll see somethin g you made up ahead. What were the
last things you worked on?"
 "You've already seen one of my la st two projects - the Elechoppers.
They're clearly Freeworld items."
 I hesitate to reveal more informat ion about my other project due to my
non-disclosure agreement and not knowin g if they are yet in the game. They
might already be live, and since I'm just talking and not delivering any character
models, I decide to tell.
 Freehaven is real now in a way that it was never su pposed to be. If letting
my project slip might somehow aid our survival or completing our quest....  It's
worth it.  If anyone comes after me I'll claim insanity due to having been locked
in VR for fucking weeks with people dying. Yeah, none too happy with my
employer right now, in spite of knowing it was the hackers' the caused this.
 I still feel a hesitation as I begin,  "The other project was the Once Men."
 Tako asks, "What are those?"
 "Some Freeworld supernaturals have th e ability to reshape flesh and bone
like clay. The ghosts can do it too actually , but that's not what I was working on.
The Once Men are victims of the bad gu ys, they started as people and were
reshaped into killing machines given nast y teeth, claws, and all that. Now they're
caught somewhere between beast and human.  I have no idea what their stats are
like since I just did the animations, skinning, and modeling."
  Tako says, "Would they be in Hades?"
 I shrug. "Lore wise, I'm sure some died during the creation process and
could end up here, but without knowing wh at kind of stats they were given, I
don't have much of an edge over anyone else while fighting them."
 Tako says,  "That's messed up."
 I say, "Freeworld's a darker pl ace in spite of its name."
 Night is now fading to twilight, and I expect at any moment we'll see the
sun peak up over the horizon. Pahrem and Sajina exit the tent looking awake, but
groggy. I say to Sajina, "I was wondering how long you'd be out."
 He answers, "Four hours of reverie. I still have elf stats, remember."
 " R i g h t . "   I  s a y ,  h a v i n g  f o r g o t  t h a t  c h a n g i n g  f r o m  o n e  a l i a s  t o  a n o t h e r
doesn't convey all their racial traits, penalt ies, and bonuses.  The "perfect aliases"
of our alternate characters are just magical costumes to swap appearances.
 "Well, good morning to you both."
 Pahrem chews on a length of Jerky and says, "I miss coffee."
 I was never much of a coffee drinker, to  me the stuff was ju st like hot dirty
water, but I understand the missing caffeine sentiment. "If you drink a manna
potion when you're filled up it's like a do uble shot of espresso in terms of waking
you up."
 "Really?" she asks, "H ow'd you learn that?"
 I say, "Alfred showed me."
 She pulls a tiny vial of blue liquid fr om her inventory, downs it and shivers.
"That's brisk." She pinches her eyes clos ed and then wide again before saying
"Hell yeah!  I can already feel it."
 I chuckle. "Just don't burn through your whole stock when you might need
them.  I don't need some manna-head healer in my crew."
 "Manna head?"  Tako asks.
 "I dunno." I say "I just made it up. Like a crack-head with manna potions."
 Pahrem says, "It was just a weak one."
 I look to Sajina and ask, "Have you made up your mind?"
 "I'm coming."  He says.
 "You sure?" I ask. "It'll be dangerous."
 He says, "Yeah."
 Tako asks,  "Why?  I thought yo u wanted to avoid the fighting."
 Sajina just shrugs. "No time  to learn like the present."
 I extend my hand to the bard and he clasps it. "Glad to have you. You did
well on all those undead and Cerberus. You' ll get your harp as soon as we cross
the River Lethe and I get my money back."
 "Where is it anyway?" Pahrem asks.
 "The river?" I ask. "No idea. I figure  we can walk around until we find
clues or someone to ask. Leroy and Fr obod will be up soon, and we can get
going."
 "Still no monsters." Tako says.
 I nod and say, "It's a quiet place."
* * * * *
 After a while of munching on our rations and waiting for the humans
Leroy exits the tent in a suit of burgundy full plate armor that reminds me of red
wine. He still has his chrome colored war hammer, though it seems larger to me
now that he's in human form.  Right behind him Frobod dips out in his black
Deadplate, and new Hades shoulders.  They are a shade of tarnished bronze over
the sleek black metal of his skull shaped chest plate.
  I say, "We're ready to go once you put the tent away."
 Rather than taking it down manually , the tent fades like a ghost as Leroy
taps on his VT and sticks it back in hi s inventory. Our bedrolls are left on the
ground where the tent stood, and we gather them up.
 Leroy says,  "Now we're ready to go."
 "You all got flying mounts?"  I ask, though I really mean "Sajina, do you
have a flying mount?" Since we're tr aveling with Leroy Jensen and three
members of the guild. Rather than answer , Leroy taps his VT, a pulse of red light
flashes, and an avian shriek fills the air.  Waves of heat blast our faces, as he
mounts a resplendent red phoenix. Thankfully, it's coded not to set the ground on
fire, or we'd all be standing in a grassy conflagration of trouble.
 Sajina, looking embarrassed says, "Mine's slow. Just 100%."
 "Ouch." Tako says.
 I say, "Muffins, Sajina, I've got yo u covered." as I initiate my mount
summoning macro. I wave my middle fing er in the air and shout "INFERNO!!!"
followed by a pump of my fist in the air and the words, "Let's ride."
 A red pop of color, not unlike the on e caused by Leroy's phoenix appears,
followed by the monster roar of a motorc ycle engine. I'm standing beside a hot
red motorcycle in the style of a 1960's Harley, but instead of running on gas,
there's a rude elemental spirit spinning in a tornado of flame in a fish bowl
shaped containment cell where the gas can should be. It grins at me, and then
gives me the middle finger. Next come explosions of green for earth, grey for
ether, yellow for wind, and blue for wa ter at the same time, with the loud
grumbles of four gurgling engines.
 Frobod takes his usual seat, on the grey etherbike, and Pahrem straddles
the blue.  I say, "These are the Elechoppers.  You can use whichever you want."
 Sajina moves for the green, but Tako darts forward and cuts him off by
placing his hand on the handlebars before the gargoyle can touch it.
 Tako says, "This is Mirae' s bike, and I'm riding it."
 Sajina looks startled by the intensit y of Tako's voice, and then turns his
head down and away. I can't tell if he's inti midated or just feeling like an outsider
in a group of adventurers that all know ea ch other. I say "It's sentimental. Just
pick a different bike."
 Wind's the only choice left so the gargoyle takes it.
 Leroy says, "Hot shit. Are those ne w? I've never seen them before."
 I say, "They came out with the last patch. They're from Freeworld."
 Leroy asks, "Can they fly?" while holding the reigns of his phoenix.
 I say, "Mine can. I don't know about the others."
 "How did you get them?" Leroy asks , surprised to see a collection of
mounts he's never encountered before.
 "I made them." I say, "I am... wa s... a developer. We get developer's
editions of any in game items we create."
 An uncomfortable quiet sits in the air between Leroy, myself and Sajina.
I've become so used to the Toxic Muffins  knowing about my offline profession,
that it slipped my mind that other people might take exception to it.
 "Hold up." Leroy says, "You're telling me that you're one of the bastards
that got us stuck here? People are dying for real out there."
 Angered by the insinuation I say, "You  think I don't know that? You think I
want to be here? Do I look like I have fucking angel wings?"
 At this point Frobod chimes in, "She's good people. She's just as stuck as
all of us."
 I say, "The whole reason we're even on  this quest is to save a friend who
didn't survive digitization. You think I want ed that to happen? If I had some kind
of insider information, don't you think I'd have said 'Hey Mirae, don't fucking do
it, or you'll die.' or better yet, waved my magic wand to guarantee she'd come out
okay?"
 Tako says, "She's just a player in this. She had no idea the hack was
coming."
 "Thank you." I say. My tone is forceful , but I feel a hint of warmth beneath
all my tense indignation. It's good to see the Muffins having my back.
 Frobod says, "I've got plenty of re asons to be pissed off. I missed my
daughter's birthday, and every time I wake  up the first thing on my mind is how
to get back to her. I am angry, but not at Mel. It's those Archangel fuckers that are
doing this. As far as I can tell, Mel's working her ass off to make things right, or at
the very least a little better by bringing us  on these quests th at might unlock the
log out button, and organizing our guild so we have a support network."
 I could kiss him in that moment, me anwhile Leroy looks like he's been
caught flat footed.
 Sajina says, "Don't cuss your wait er because the management's crap."
 "Yeah... I guess..." Leroy says, "Sorry... I've just been telling myself I'd like
to ring the neck of whoever caused this."
 "You and I both." I say. "But that person is not me. I don't even know
where my body is. Most of you've got families right? You got a wife? They're
p r o b a b l y  c a r i n g  f o r  y o u .  I  l i v e  a l o n e .  I  c o u l d  b e  i n  t h e  h o s p i t a l ,  a t  m y  p a r e n t s '
place in Hawaii, or at corporate HQ. Ho w do I know who's washing my lifeless
body, and taking care of my toilet stuff?  I have no fucking clue because I don't
have anyone in the real world looking out for me on a daily basis. The only way I
know I'm still alive is that I'm still pl aying this game, which means someone out
there put me on life support. I keep a level head while I'm not thinking about
what's happening now in the real world, but as soon as I do it's really damn scary.
I don't want to be in this situation, and I  s u r e  a s  h e l l  w o u l d n ' t  i m p o s e  i t  o n
anyone else."
 "Jesus, Mel." Pahrem says. "You sure know how to make a person feel safe
i n  t h e  r e a l  w o r l d .  N o w  I ' m  g o n n a  b e  h a v i n '  n i g h t m a r e s  a b o u t  w h a t  p e o p l e  a r e
doin' to my body."
 "Can we just go?" Tako says, looking uncomfortable.
 "Yeah." I say. and lift off the ground on the Firechopper "... but first I want
to say that when we get back I think we ought to start making a list of people's
real names and locations to memorize. If an y of us gets out, they've got to check
and see if the others are in good hands."
 I'm trying to get a measure of Leroy's reaction, but he's good at hiding his
emotions. He's quiet and still riding with us, so I can only assume that means he's
no longer ready to kill me. It'd suck to  die and get sent all the way back to
Durolan, all he'd need to do is take o ut Pahrem before she could res me, and the
whole quest would be FUBAR, or at least pl aced on long delay. I'm pretty sure he
could do it.
 We've been flying for ten minutes, and haven't seen any signs of life on the
Hades landscape, when movement in the grass draws my attention. I'd thought
the dirt path we've been following would go on forever.
 "Did you see that?" I ask, coming to a stop and hanging in air as all flying
mounts are able to do.
 "Yeah." Pahrem says. "For just a second but now I don't see anything
anymore."
 Tako says, "It should be  obvious from up here."
 Frobod says, "Invisibility. Look."  He points.
 I follow his finger to see a faint line  in the grass where something large,
about human size, trampled it. The farther back the trail stretches, the more the
tall grass seems to have sprung back into  place. It abruptly ends, about twenty
feet away with no person or creature to show for it.
 Tako says, "Think it's hostile?"
 I say, "We haven't been attacked yet. Just be ready in case something
happens." and then call down "Hello? Is someone down there?" No answer.  As
moments tick by, the trail becomes harder for my eyes to follo w. "We're not here
to hurt anyone.  We just want directions."
 Leroy asks, "Maybe it was an animal?"
 Pahrem says, "Didn't look like it."
 Frobod says, "Maybe we should just keep going."
 "Hello?"  I call again, hoping for a re sponse, some clue as to whether we're
going the right direction.
 Tako says, "Let's just go ." and revs his engine.
 "I guess so..." and begin moving forward.
 I don't advance even five feet before I hear a man's voice respond
something that sounds like, "How do I know you're alive?"
 "Stop.'  I say to everyone and halt my bike. That can't be right.  I call down
again, "Hello?"
 This time, without the rumble of acce lerating engines the voice is clear.
"How do I know you're alive?"
 I answer, "Of course we're alive.   What else would we be?" Then again, this
is Hades. Realizing my blunder I say, "You'll just have to take our word for it."
 The voice says, "Prove it!"
 Leroy says, "Show yourself." Follo wed by, "Is being alive or dead a
problem?"
 I say, "If we come down, will yo u agree not to attack us?"
 The voice responds, "My word, so lo ng as you don't attack first."
 Leroy repeats, "Show yourself, or we  continue and no one's coming down."
 There's a moment of soundless hesitati on, before a man in garbed in black
and grey appears in the way of a specter breaking into existence. He's got wide
shoulders and an animal skin headpiece like a Davy Crockett cap. A thick bushy
tail rides between his shoulders. His name plate says, Verade. I'm glad his
hunting bow and nocked arrow aren't pointed in our direction.
 Verade says, "Now you."
 I take point, say "Come to the road."  and descend to the dirt path we've
been following, if it can even be called a road.  The rest of the party follows suit,
flattening tall grass beneath their rides.
 We only have to wait a second before  the man emerges onto the path.  I'm
surprised to see that it's not only his clothes that are black and grey, but his entire
body. It's like someone peeled him straight out of an ancient movie, or off of a
grayscale tattoo. He's about a head and a half taller than me and has a thick
bushy black beard that feels like it should be brown.

Verade
Type:                         NPC
Race:                        Human
Subrace:           Wraith (Lethekin)
Appearance:                3
Challenge:                Difficult
Status:                      Neutral

 Verade says, "Prove to me that you're alive?"
 Tako says, "How do we even do that?"
 I don't expect an answer, but Verade says, "Bleed for me."
 Pahrem says, "I thought there was no attackin'."
 I look to Tako, hold out my forearm,  and say "Cut me with your dagger. I
have a prohibition against using short weapons."
 Tako arms himself and asks, "You sure?"
 "Just do it." I say. "But try your best not to critical hit."
 "If you say so..."  he comes closer, glinting steel in hand.
 I say, "Make it quick." He slashes into  me, a line of crimson explodes onto
my fair skin. I hiss as a whopping twenty  percent of my health drops. Pahrem
looks like she's about to cast a heal, when  I raise a hand to stop her. Catching a
stream of red in my other hand I hold it fingers up for Verade to see. "Satisfied?"
 He nods, and returns the arrow to his quiver. I nod, and Pahrem makes
some gestures to begin the heal. Unlike Mirae's green colored magic, hers is a
tinted yellow-gold like the magic we encountered at Dragonswood Keep.
 Verade's body relaxes as he releases tension that he probably didn't know
he had. He eyes my forearm and says, "For that, I am sorry. These lands are
haunted."
 "Oh...kay." I say, not sure how to take the pronouncement of haunting
from a ghost.
 Leroy asks, "How do you mean?"
 Verade says, "There's a settlement ov er yonder, but they're all dead. The
residents don't bleed like men."
 Tako asks, "Do you bleed?"
 Verade sighs, and says, "I suppose fair is fair..." as he pulls a hunting knife
from his belt. In a quick gesture, he slices his arm and... no blood flows. I can't
say I'm surprised given his wraith designat ion, but then he says. "See? Just the
same as all of you." Verade squats down, slings a travel pack around his shoulder
that I hadn't noticed before, and withdr aws bandages with which he dresses the
wound.
 I say, "I see..." playing into his narra tive hoping to gain more information.
"And where is this settlement?"
 "A way down the path forks. If you go straight you come to the river.  Go
left and you'll hit Duskwallow, but you don't want to go there. It's right eerie."
 For a moment I'm torn between going to the river and visiting the
settlement. In spite of Verade's protests  I'm intrigued, but then remind myself
that we have more important business on the river.  I ask, "Is it the River Lethe?"
 "You have the right of it, or at least,  that's what the dead say. You're the
only other living people I've seen since I've come here."
 Tako asks, "How do we cross? Is  it something we can fly over?"
 "You could try..." he trails, "But I ain' t ever seen anything fly around here.
'cept for yourselves of course."
 "Thanks for the information. "Looking between Tako and Frobod, and
then to the rest of our group, I ask, "S o head to the river? We can always back
track if we need."
 Leroy says, "There are probably quests  in the village, but yeah. It sounds
like the river's the most direct path."
 I look to Verade and say, "Good luck  in your hunting. We haven't seen
much game."
 The ghost hunter says, "Be safe." an d becomes steadily more transparent
until he has completely disappeared. The ta ll grass parting to our left is the only
thing to mark his passing.
 Frobod says, "Weird guy."
 Pahrem asks, "You think he knows he's dead?"
 I say, "Doesn't seem like it." as my Firechopper takes to the air. "It should
be just ahead."
 We soon hit the fork in the path, an d continue straight toward the river. A
few minutes after that, the water becomes visible. Long  grass has given way to a
gorgeous sandy beach that stretches fore ver in either direction. Aside from a
short wooden dock with a long gondola ti ed to it the environment is untouched
by intelligent hands. The water's clear in a way I haven't seen outside of travel
brochures.
 Now we're approaching the dock on foot where a male figure in simple
albeit well made travel clothes rests against a piling reading a book. A black  wool
turtleneck clutches his neck beneath a le ather vest, and a black cloak with the
hood down hides his shoulders. His name 's Charon, ferryman of the underworld,
and speaks in a soft spoken voice that re minds me of my old pastor, "I'm afraid
there's no free passage for the living." Even his five o'clock shadow reminds me of
how Pastor John always fell just short of clean shaven.
 The river's long, wide, and haunting. A giant skeletal hand affixed to the
bow pinching  a lantern between thumb an d forefinger adds to the eeriness along
an otherwise pristine quiet landscape. The only sounds are our voices and the
stirring of water lapping against the shore.
 It's all much to contrast with th e ferryman's appearance—nicely groomed,
preppy-rugged.  I could see him stepping right off the pages of an LL Bean catalog
if they did fantasy wear. Though it's a clear day, an eerie mist collects at the
river's center.
 Tako asks, "Is this something we could fly over?"
 Charon, closes his tome around a cr ow's feather used as a bookmark and
says, "Don't think anyone's ever managed that. You could try, but you might also
end up a permanent resident of Duskwallow. May I ask where you're going?"
 "Err..."  I begin.  "I know we have to cross but..."
 Leroy says, "If we gave you a landmark, would you recognize it?"
 "Probably." Charon says, "I've been here a very long time, and you might
say travel is what I do."
 Leroy says, "Do you mind if we come back with an answer?"
 Charon says, "I'll be here. Take all the time you like."
 As we ready to depart, Charon reopens his book, and I wonder what he's
reading.  I ask, "What is that?"
 "This?" Charon raises his book, so I can see the cover—Jane Eyre but set in
a leather binding so it looks like a spell book. Not what I expected.  He must read
surprise in my expression because he says  "One of the classics ," and then sighs.
"New reading material is so hard to find."
 Tako stirs impatiently, and I can tell he wants to interrupt with something
about getting a move on, so I speak fast , with my gamer sense anticipating a
quest.  "Why's that?"
 Charon says, "Books here are rare, rare r still are novels. The only way they
make it into the underworld  is if one of  the living smuggle them in, a person died
with so much attachment to it that a sp irit copy manifested in death with them,
or if the book was magical and permanently destroyed.  As you can imagine,
under circumstances like these, very fe w new works come into my hands. I've
read this one four-hundred-sixty-seven times. Soon to be sixty-eight."
 I say, "That sounds horrible." and mean it .  What is life without a good
story? It's not exactly like Hades has television.

 Charon says, "I would be extremely gr ateful to anyone who could bring me
something new. Romance, horror, great poetry; It doesn't matter. A new book for
me in Hades would be worth it's weight in gold."

Quest - Charon's Library (Repeatable)
Difficulty: Moderate

The god Charon, Ferryman of Hades, is  desperate for reading material to
keep him company while he awaits ne w passengers for his boat. Bring him
a novel he hasn't read before and you will be rewarded.


Objectives:
Find a novel that Charon hasn't read  0/1
Give book to Charon    0/1

Rewards:
+ 1000 Personal Reputation with Charon, Ferryman of Hades
 (+200 reputation for each novel after the first)
Free passage along the rivers of Hades
50 Hades Gold Marks
300 Gold

Do you accept?  Yes / No

 I choose, "Yes." and say "I'll see if I can find something for you."
 Frobod asks, "Did you get a quest?"
 Looking down at the quest interface of my VT, I say, "Yeah I'll share it."
before looking back to Charon and saying "I'll see if anyone in our group can help
too."

Frobod has accepted your quest.
LeroyJensen has accepted your quest.
Sajina has accepted your quest.
Pahrem has accepted your quest.
TakoStar has accepted your quest.

 Charon smiles and says, "That would be wonderful."
 Leroy says, "Just a little over an ho ur until we check in on Mirae. Why
don't we have a look at Duskwallow while we wait?"
 Tako asks, "Why don't we ju st go to the other side?"
 Though Leroy opens his mouth to sp eak, I answer before he makes any
sound, "Because if we're lucky Charon can tell us where we're going."
 Sajina says, "If we're really really lucky, maybe he'll take us all the way
there."
 Tako asks, "You think he can do that?"
 Pahrem says, "He did say travel was his thing."
 "Yeah," I say, "Leroy's right. I'd hate to use our only coins now just to
discover he could have taken us right to her."
 Tako says, "You could use that messe nger guy to tell her to go early."
 I say, "For one, that costs gold, and another we have no idea how long it'll
take her to get to the nearest landmark. We can afford to wait the hour."
 Frobod says, "Besides, we might uncov er some more hidden quests if we
hang out a bit."
 Duskwallow turns out to be a village with a large wooden gate, a pair of
watch towers looking down on the path and a crude stockade fence. A sharp voice
calls down as we approach.
 A man from the right watchtower says, "Who goes there?"
 I say, "We're adventurers waiting to cross the river. May we come in?"
 There's a long pause. I don't think th ey'll open the gate when he says, "Do
you know who you are?"
 I exchange looks with Leroy and then Frobod. "I'm Lord Melpomine of the
Toxic Muffins."
  Leroy says, "Leroy Jensen of the Malefactors."
 "Frobod of the Toxic Muffins."
 "Pahrem of the Toxic Muffins."
 "Sajina the Bard."
 "Tako of the Toxic Muffins."
 From the other watch tower, a different  voice answers with a note of fear
piercing the words. "How do you know?"
 The first voice echoes this in quiry. "Yes, how do you know?"
 "These are our names." I reply. "The y always have been." Another long
pause, I can see the first man consulting wi th another figure beside him. I wish I
could tell what they're saying. I repeat. "These are our names."
 "Right." says the original watchmen. "Let them through."
  The heavy door creeks open.
 We enter to a small crowd of men in typical guard armor—a mix of plate,
mail, and long swords at the ready. They 're all black and grey like the hunter.
Their tabards however are a mix-matched bunch of grey shading and insignias
I've never seen before.  The guy standing  closest and to my right as we enter
wears a medium-dark color with a blac k unicorn silhouette, whereas the man
beside him is garbed in white with a middle grey tree and tangled roots. Likewise,
the hilts of their swords all take differe nt shapes. Some cross guards are simple
and straight, others ornate. Some pommels  take animal shapes where as others
are just round.
 Frobod asks, "What's with their gear?"
 "I don't know."  I say, as  a man, this one in very light grey with a honey bee
crest reaches for my arm like a beggar.
 He says, "Do you know who I am?"
 It's the kind of feeling you get when you see something hopeless, but have
no power to do anything about it. I don't want to make eye contact, but how can I
not now that he's touched me?
 "We've never met." I say, and quic ken my pace, leaving him behind.
 More hands reach out, but fail to ma ke contact. A chorus of male voices
echo questions like, "Who am I?" and "Have we met?"
 "Creepy." Pahrem says.
 Tako asks, "Are you sure this is be tter than crossing the river right now?"
 Now that we've passed the dozen or so guards crowded to meet us, the
questions have stopped, and the settl ement is more familiar. Cobblestones
underfoot make the place feel civilized. Up ahead there's a hanging sign made out
of wood featuring a hefty frothing mug, a bowl of soup, and a loaf of bread.
There's another wooden sign across the str eet with a generic depiction of shield
and sword.
 Leroy says, "The inn's as good  a place as any to start."
 "Alright." I say, "But remember, no food or drink."
 There are a bunch of scattered tables  inside, mostly empty, and natural
lighting from the large windows on the fa r wall. A black and white human, like all
the other Duskwallow residents, with presumably blonde hair, a small nose, and a
barmaid's dress hurries to meet us.
 "Imagine, customers at this hour of the morn'. Will it be eggs or oats for
you?"
 I'm quietly glad that she didn't st art with "Who am I?" and check her
nameplate Perris.  I'll take that.
 I say, "Just water for now. Do you mind  if we sit over by the fireplace?"
 "There's plenty of room."  She says. "Sit where you like."
 "Thanks."  I say.  "Out of curiosity,  does this town have a library?"
 Perris says, "Afraid not. We're pretty basic around here. Couple of inns, a
blacksmith. Not much else."
 "Too bad."  I say.
 Perris says, "I'll be back with your drinks."
 Tako asks, "Why'd you order if we're not supposed to drink?"
 "It feels rude not to. I hate taking up  space in inns without at least buying
something."
 Tako huffs noting all the empty tables . "Not like we're stealing business."
 I say, "It's the principle." and have a seat on one of the leather couches
surrounding the hearth. Over here, it f eels more like a hunting lodge than a
restaurant due to a pair of large antlers mounted to the wall. Everyone follows my
lead except for Sajina who's more at home  directly in front of where they build
fires. "Didn't you say that guards attack you in this alias?"
 Pahrem says, "Maybe that  doesn't apply to Hades."
 Frobod says, "... or maybe they forgot."
 Sajina says, "They do sometimes."
 "Well don't worry." I say, "We'll prot ect you if  anyone comes after you.
Where's the shadowstalker?"
 Sajina says, "Recruited him befo re bed. I can summon him whenever
now."
 "Congratulations." I say.
 Leroy says, "I feel like any quests we find here are going to take a lot more
time than we have. Uncovering the identiti es of strangers seems like a chain that
could last all day."
 "I agree." I say, "But I'm glad we stopped instead of just wondering what
was here."
 Perris returns with a tray and six gl asses of water. She sets them on
coasters atop a wooden coffee table, and says "You all look familiar, have we
met?"
 "I don't think so."  I say.
 Sounding disappointed she says, "I was hoping you could say something
about me."
 Frobod says, "Your name's Perris."
 A hopeful expression crosses her face, "I thought so, but wasn't quite sure.
It's what everyone calls me. Are we old friends?"
 "No." Frobod says, "I just read..."  He pauses, not sure how to explain the
user interface to an NPC, "I have a gi ft with names. I can usually guess them
without anyone telling me."
 "Oh..." she says, "Well enjoy your water." That's spoken as if she doesn't
think water is all that enjoyable, "and call out if you want any oats or eggs."
 She leaves us to our discussion.
 Pahrem says, "I gues s now we know what they meant by Lethe and
forgetfulness. Looks like they all drank the oblivion Kool Aid."
 Frobod says, "Not too dangerous so far. I wonder if Styx would be any
harder."
 I say, "I think the real challenges fo r this entrance were Cerberus and the
undead. It just doesn't feel like it becaus e we cleared it without a fight, but really,
how many people are gonna come with bard magic in their group?"
 C o l d  s t e e l  p r i c k s  m y  n e c k .  A l l  a t  o n c e  P a h r e m  s h o u t s  " B e h i n d  y o u ! "
Frobod leaps off his couch sending it screeching against the stone floor and
crashing his glass of water on the ground , and a slimy male voice growls "Spawn
of a cursed elf. Half-bred mongrel."

Jarem hits you for 14 damage.
Resist: Stamina + Endurance.
You resist 14 points of damage.

 No damage taken but it prick's enough that I feel a bead of blood rolling
down my neck.  It's just cosmetic, not enou gh to bring me closer to death.  I pull
his arm down with both hands and slam the back of my head into his face.  The
shock of my blow is enough for him to  unhand me, and I jump off the couch,
stepping on the coffee table in my effort  to place distance between me and my
attacker. He's a muscular man in his mi d forties with long grey hair and a
receding hairline.
 "Dude!" Tako says. "W hat's your problem!"
  A look of confusion crosses Jarem's fa ce, as he struggles to find words to
explain his actions. It lasts only a moment , because his weathered face twists into
a grotesque snarl as he shouts, "Half-blood filth!"
 I expect him to charge at us, but instea d he flexes his fingers, jerks his arm,
and hits Tako with a wall of force that can only be described as telekinesis.  Thirty
percent of my guild mate's health vanishes in an instant.

Taunt. Successful.
 Jarem Attacks.

 With his ranged attack on cooldown, the man darts around the sofa and I
move to close with him. We're in close qu arters, so equipping Bite seems like the
wrong idea.  It's time to use my unarmed gloves.

Hot Swap (Rank 3) - Success!
You have equipped Fists of the Thunderlord.

Fists of the Thunderlord
Description:
Left is Thunder. Right is Light ning. Don't get caught in
the storm.
Quality:                              Epic
Type:    Leather
Slot:    Hands
Armor   1
Equipped Bonus:
                             Dexterity +2, Strength +1, Stamina+1
Special Properties:
(Right Hand Only)
Unarmed attacks inflict +4 Lightning Damage.
(Left Hand Only)
Unarmed attacks inflict +4 Sonic Damage
(Left Hand Only):
33% chance on hit to deaf en your opponent for 20
seconds. Effects are cumulative.
Bonus damage ignores armor.


 I duck out of the way of his incoming dagger. Only Tako reacts fast enough
for an attack with a weapon, which he does by shadows ste pping behind Jarem
and sticking him with his dagger. It's not lost on me that neither his nose, nor the
wound from Tako's knife bleeds. Frobod hits him with a blast of necro magic
which flies through the air like a giant bl ack sperm swimming in a cloud of black
death energy.
 Those two attacks paired with my he ad butt have dropped him down to
eighty percent health. Not as tough as I thought. Now it's my turn as I move in
with a flurry of jabs, and then a massive uppercut that lands square in his jaw.
Lightning sparks from my right hand, an d windows rattle in their panes as soon
as I land a thunderous blow with the left.
 There's too much furniture for Leroy to  get into melee ra nge, so he calls
out "Astraea smite thee!" and lands a blast of holy flame dead center in Jarem's
chest.  Jahrem health: 50%.
 He comes in for another strike with his blade, but I drop down long before
he can connect.  I plant my hands on the cold floor and bring my leg around for a
Dragon Tail Sweep. At first I'm afraid I won't get the knock down, but at the same
time that my leg goes under him Leroy hi ts with another smite. The combination
of the two attacks in unison sends him sprawling on the floor.
 I ' m  n o w  b a c k  u p  o n  m y  f e e t .  T a k o  k i c k s  h i m  i n  t h e  r i b s .  B e f o r e  h e  c a n
regain his feet I come it with a with a qu ick boot, not to kick, but to press against
his throat. He's now down to thirty percent.
 I  s a y ,  " L e t  m e  r e i t e r a t e  w h a t  m y  c o m p a n i o n  s a i d .  W h a t  t h e  h e l l  i s  y o u r
problem?"
 Jahrem stammers, "I... I... I don't know.  I didn't know until I saw you and
your long ears. Do you know who I am?"
 Frobod says, "Know what, asshole?"
 "I..." He starts, sounding confused. His expression is innocent, like an old
man with dementia trying to figure out where he is. Then his voice hardens into
something crisp and vile. His mouth warps into a rictus of murderous fury as he
bellows "ALL ELVES MUST DIE!"
 I feel the rattle of his breath through my foot, as cold clammy fingers creep
under my pant leg and touch my skin. All of a sudden I feel like I've been hit by
half a dozen blows at the same time. My n o s e  t h r o b s  a n d  b e g i n s  t o  b l e e d .  A
double lance of pain explodes in my ches t, and a sharp pain sinks in the fleshy
part of my back beneath my ribs.
 "Ugghh!" I gasp, and topple to the fl oor, not having expected so many
varieties of stinging to strike all at once. Jahrem health: 100%.  What? No roll to
resist damage? It's like he transferred all his wo unds into me. With just a touch,
I'm now down to thirty percent.
  Luckily, Pahrem's fast on the heal, and a golden halo surrounds me.

Pahrem heals you for 3 points of damage.
Pahrem heals you for 1 point of damage.
Pahrem heals you for 2 points of damage.

 I'm up to ninety as I stumble to my  feet, and shout "No contact once he
takes damage!" Jahrem's already up and faci ng Tako.  I kick him in the back with
a bright flash from my enchanted boots and say "Hey, Jackass.  Over here!"

Taunt. Successful.
 Jarem Attacks.

 He whirls, I slip out of the way of hi s incoming strike and bolt the opposite
direction. "Time to kite!" I say, as Tako throws one of his weighted blades, and
Frobod launches another bolt of death magic.
 I leap over the back of one of the so fas as I hear Perris shout, "Jahrem!
What's got into you?"
 He snarls in response, "The filthy half-bloods must die!" He twitches his
fingers again, jerks his arm, and smashes me with a telekineti c blow that sends
me hurtling through the window. Bits of glass make harsh music as they skitter
on the cobblestones.
 My health drops, but Pahrem has me topped back up before I can gage the
percent lost.   I can't see the others now due to being outside, but the flashes of
light and dark magic tell me that they are taking my ranged attack calls to heart.
 Jahrem Health: 40%.
 I flick my Darksteel Chakram through the broken window at him at the
same time as Leroy calls "Astraea smite th ee!" He lights up un der a lance of holy
fire. Jahrem health 20%.
 A new Darksteel Chakram reappears in my hand to take the place of the
old one.  I toss it. Frobod launches anot her necro bolt. The magic hits, and then
my thrown weapon lops  off the ghost's head. No blood, because the dead don't
bleed.
 Instead of climbing back through the window, I circle around and re-enter
the front door looking sheepish.  I say, "Sorry about your window."
 Perris says, "I saw everything, he atta cked you!  I don't know what's got
into him."
 I ask, "Did you see him come in?  I thought the place was empty when we
arrived."
 She shrugs, "Must have been using a spell. One minute you were on the
couch, and the next he was behind you."
 I look to my crew,  "Is everyone okay?"
 Pahrem says, "After Tako, you were the only one to take damage."
 Sajina says, "I guess it's a good thing I'm not in my elf skin?"
 I laugh. The comment strikes me as so mundane after being attacked in
what I thought was a safe zone that I can't help it. As I head back over I say, "Yes,
very."
 Frobod says, "I don't think he even kn ew why he was attacking. It was like
he was two people trapped in the same body. One just a guy, the other a racist
asshole."
 Tako hefts a brown sack from where he fell. "Four Hades marks, and a
common dagger."
 I say, "Keep the dagger if you want, just hold the marks, and we can divide
them up later."
 Leroy says, "I say we get out of here . We might miss our window if we get
pulled into another fight."
 I pay Perris for our drinks plus a little extra for the commotion. We're now
back in the street, and heading for the fr ont gate.  The guard with the tree on his
tabard asks, "Do you know me?" as he pushes the gate open.
 I say, "I'm sorry, I don't." as we move back outside. About fifty feet from
the gate I call out "INFERNO!" and "Let's ride." to summon our mounts.
 No one says anything until we can s ee Charon's dock. I can't tell if it's
because they're bored, or if it's becaus e a village full of people who don't know
who they are and might become murderous at any moment was too unsettling. I
for one half expect to see Jahrem respawned, and howling at us like a maniac
running down the dirt path. Whatever the reason, the wind in my ears is all I hear
until we touch down on the beach.
 I break the quiet by looking to Pahrem and saying, "How's your manna?
Are you ready to scry?" Of course she is. What kind of healer runs out of manna
on one mob?
 "I'm ready. "She says, and gets o ff her bike. I make the "bloop bloop"
sounds to dismiss it, and everyone else's  as they dismount. Pahrem says, "Just
give me a sec to set up."
 At the tail end of 7:59 AM our goblin  begins casting, dripping green magic,
and exhaling into her bowl. the water ripples under her breath as an image begins
to take form... not one figure but two. Sten! A big eyed, half-goblin boy sits on a
flight of steps beside her.  She ruffles hi s hair affectionately. I'm glad to see that
they're in full color, unlike the Duskwallow wraiths, and seem to look healthy.
 I say, "I didn't think we'd see him again."
 Pahrem asks, "Who's the kid?"
 Frobod answers, "One of the peop le at Dragonswood Keep who didn't
survive Cimmerian's attack."
 Leroy asks, "He an NPC?"
 I say, "Yeah... Looks like the engine  is populating the underworld with
both players and dead Havenfolk in addi tion to whatever it generated for the
initial population."
 "Huh..." He says. "Don't know what to make of that."
 I gesture to the surrounding structure within the bowl and say "I think I
know that place. "
 "What do you mean?"  Leroy says.
 I say, "Pahrem, can you zoom out?"
 She nods, and makes a motion with her knobby long fingered hand.
 "Well shit." Tako says.  "Even I know that place."
 "Durolan bank."  Frobod says.
 I say, "Think there's a copy of the whole city in Hades?"
 Leroy says,  "Looks like it.  What's she doing?"
 Mirae fishes into her bag, and unfur ls a cloth sign with a simple hand
painted message written on it.  I say, "Try to zoom in so we can see what it says."

It reads:
"High Hades
Durolan Necropolis
Fire and Soul
Every Night 7:00
Miss you.
"

  She also makes a heart shape with tw o hands by curling her fingers so her
nails touch while pressing the pads of her thumbs together so they make a point.
It feels very anime.
 Frobod says, "It looks like she gave us an address."
 "Yeah..."  I say mystified.  "It's even better than I could have hoped."
 "Who would have known that there' d be addresses in the afterlife?"
 Leroy chuckles and says, "I wonder if they have spectral postal workers,
and dead milkmen."
 It's been almost a minute now, and Mirae's image begins to fade.
 I say,  "This is good and bad news.  If 'Necropolis Durolan' is as far away
from here as the real world Durolan was from the entrance, we've got a long way
to go without a portal."
 Tako says, "Maybe they have portals in the underworld."
 "In any case," I say while giving Charon  a look from our spot on the beach.
He bites into an apple, and turns a page in  his book, still perched on his piling. "I
think we're done on this side of the river. Agreed?"
 The men in the group answer together, "Agreed."
 As soon as our boots clunk on the d ock Charon looks up with a happily sad
expression. "I suppose it's too much to hope you've found a new book already."
 "No library in Duskwallow."  I say.
 "Ahh well,"  Charon begins. "How did you like it?"
 "Eerie." Pahrem says. "They don't kn ow who they are or nothin'. Some
whack job attacked us and didn't even know why."
 Charon says, "That's the River Lethe for you. Some of them have been
drinking from it a very long time." He pauses, "Do you know where we're going?"
 Leroy says, reciting Mirae's messa ge almost exactly, "High Hades,
Necropolis Durolan, Fire and Soul."
 Charon considers in a ponderous voice.   "I suppose I could take you to the
nearest bank for a thousand five hundred Hades Gold Marks each. One two
thousand if you need a guide to the city . Add an extra hundred for that specific
tavern."
 Tako's jaw drops, aghast. "No way! That's highway robbery!"
 The ferryman says, "It's quite a distance." Seeming to have guessed that we
don't have anywhere near that kind of money he asks, "How many marks do you
have?"
 "... six." I say, a bit embarrassed by the small number.
 "Make that ten." Tako says, "You fo rgot about the drop in Duskwallow."
 "Ten..." I correct.
 Charon gives us a wan smile. "I can take you to the far bank for one mark a
piece. From there I can mark your maps with the nearest towns, and a dungeon
where you can earn more coin."
 Sajina asks, "They aren't going to be crazy like the Lethekin are they?"
 "No more or less than anyone."  Charon says.
  "To the other side then." I say.
 The water's so still while we're crossing that it's like floating in a pool.  We
can feel every stir of Charon's great oar as he sculls us across the surface.  Now
there's mist everywhere I can't see the land, behind or what's in the boat.
Everything's bright like the sun wants to break it up, but... Where are we going?
There are seven people in the boat with me, and they seem familiar but.... I can't
place who they are. They feel more like silhouette s I've seen countless times
before, but can't seem to place.
 I touch the arm of the big male one sitting beside me and ask. "Do you
know where we're going?"
 "I'm... Not sure."  He says in a baffl ed voice and asks. "Where did we come
from?"
 "I'm not sure..." I say. "You seem so familiar, but I can't place it. Like,
maybe someone from school."
 "Oh." He says,  "I was about to ask yo u the same thing.  Where'd you go to
school?" He asks.
 "Uhmmm... Something with a W I think. University of.. Wisconsin
maybe?" The oar swishes back and fourth faster.  The light seems brighter, the
fog is breaking up. "Washington!"  I sh out.  "I went to the University of
Washington."
 It's only then that I realize I'm touching Frobod's arm.
 "Weird..." Frobod says. "For a second there it felt like I didn't know you."
 Tako says,  "Are we almost to the ot her side?" There's a tension in his voice
that hadn't been there when we left. Al ready, the moments of before are fading
like a dream, the kind when you wake up  and for the first minute you're awake,
you're forced you to acclimate to where you are.
 Leroy says, "I wouldn't want to get stuck in there." Referring to the fog.
"It's like a souped up confuse spell."
 "Damn..." I say. "I hate when the game  does that. I'm okay with it hijacking
my brain to add stimulation, but I don't li ke thinking about it blocking my access
to memories." My skin grows cold. "If so meone really wanted, I'll bet they could
make software to make us forget we had bodies to go back to."
 Frobod says, "Let's just be grateful that those Archangel fucks haven't
thought of, or aren't interested in that."
 Pahrem who had been seated at the bow directly behind the big skeletal
hand says, "Tell me about it."
 The fog's completely gone now, and we're approaching a new dock,
identical to the one we left. This shore line is a bit rockier, but every bit as
peaceful. There's a small thump as the bo at bumps against a piling. and Charon
hops off with a line in hand which he ti es off. The whole vessel wobbles when he
leaves the boat.
 He extends a hand that's surprisingly  muscular to help me off. "Watch
your step. You wouldn't want to fall in this river."


Chapter 10 - Ashe March

 Charon touches each of our maps leaving red circles around the closest
settlements and a sword on top of a place called  Ashfall Crypt.  Why would there
be a crypt in Hades?
 Leroy says, "Lets head to town firs t. We may get quests to earn more
marks from the dungeon."
 Frobod says, "The closest one is..." he trails while examining his map.
"Ashe March. Looks like one road to get there."
 Unfortunately that's all we know. The road could lead us through a war
zone. As soon as Charon marked the locations on our map, the names of the
towns and roads appeared, but no additi onal information about the surrounding
terrain. The map will only show additional  landmarks if we physically travel
through the area for ourselves, or someone else, like Charon, populates it for us.
 I say "Mount up." and summon all the bikes.
 I'm relieved to say that this side of  the river's more developed. No more
wading through tall grass waiting for  monsters that never come to jump out at us.
We're flying over a road that's an actual road. Hard packed dirt wide enough for
three automobiles, with wooden signs at forks and crossings.  The main
difference between here and the land of th e living is that everything here feels
still and quiet.  I've yet to feel a breeze.
 What's the point of the afterlife if  it's so much like being alive?  I feel like
I'll have that answer sooner than later.
 The trip to Ashe March is uneventful. We see a few ghostly travelers on
foot, but don't stop to talk. the farther we journey from the River Lethe the more
color they have in their appearance. I ca n almost see someone turning a dial to
control the color saturation of their clothes and bodies.
 Tako says, "Town up ahead."
 Leroy looks down at his map from the back of his Phoenix and says, "This
looks like it."
 It's nice not to have to ask pe rmission to enter this city. Since
Dragonswood, it seems like every town we 've encountered has been like passing
through immigration at an international ai rport. Who goes ther e ?   W h a t ' s  y o u r
business?  ... and so on.
  The guards here, helmetless and wearing uniform tabards with a large red
crosses that also kind of looks like star s .  T h e y  w a v e  t o  u s  a s  w e  p a s s  a n d  s a y
"Welcome. Welcome to civilization beyond  the River Lethe."  The man closest to
us has short brown hair parted to the left, and a close cropped Fu Manchu beard.
We must not be the first visitors.
 Frobod asks,  "What makes you think we're coming from the river?"
 The guard, named Hector, laughs, "N o one comes from the South except
hunters and newcomers." He eyes Frobod 's plate up and down. "You are no
hunter. Him or her maybe." He indicates me and Tako wearing leather. "But not
the others." His eyes rest a long time on Sajina.
 I ask, "Is there a problem?"
 The guard says, "Not in Hades. You'll see far stranger here."
 "So why are you staring?"
 The guard responds, "Just trying to figure out what he does."
 I say, "Oh. He's our bard. That remind s me..."   I pull out my VT and scroll
through my inventory until I find the Ly re of Cerberus. "Deal's a deal. This
belongs to you."
 The gargoyle takes the harp in both  hands with an expression full of
reverence. "I've never held anything like this."
 "Start adventuring." I say, "You'll get more drops."
 "Yeah but..." The gargoyle starts. "Plu s five performance. That's huge."
 "Putting monsters to sleep in combat doesn't hurt either."  Tako says.
 Leroy says, "Congrats man." and then turns back to  Hector. "We're trying
to earn Hades Marks for transportation. Do you have any suggestions?"
 "Where are you going?" Hector asks.
 Leroy answers, "Durolan Necropolis. High Hades."
 "You're in High Hades now, but Durolan is quite far. Your best bet is either
seeing Charon, or catching a ride on the Shroudmoon Express. Starts in Low
Hades, but they've laid track all the way up the coast now."
 "Shroudmoon express, is that a train?"  I ask.
 "It is!" He says, "The wonders never cease. They say it comes from another
world. I'm surprised you know what it is."
 I look to Frobod, then back to Hector and say, "He and I have a little
experience exploring other worlds. How can we get tickets?"
 Hector says, "You can buy them in town but it's a bit of a wait. You're best
booking a few weeks out."
 "So long?" I ask.
 Hector says, "There's only one train and it's quite popular." I can already
feel myself deflating. "I wouldn't norm ally suggest this for commoner, villagers
and the like, but you look like you can take  care of yourselves. Your best bet for
fast money is going to be the Adventurers Hall. You'll find a list of job openings
and compensation for completion."
 Tako says, "They actually made an Adventurers Hall? Like... That's the
name of the building?"
 Hector says, "Sure is! A lot of ne w souls are going to need money."
 Leroy says, "We should start there."
 Frobod says, "I smell quests."
 I say, "Thank you, Hector.  You've been really helpful."
 He smiles and replies, "It's all in a day's work."
 Leroy says, "Do you mind marking the Adventurers Hall on our map?
Maybe also a blacksmith in case anyone needs to make repairs?"
 Hector agrees, and marks all our maps.
 Ashe March has a well maintained, ru stic charm. Most buildings are wood
with white side paneling, and the roofs are thatched though a few of the wealthier
establishments have proper red or blue ti ling.   The city has multiple blacksmiths
and armorers, but a close cluster of red marks indicates two have set up shop
beside our primary destination.
 Hunger stirs, so I fish out a few strips of Pehrom's jerky.
 Frobod says, "We turn at the next street and the hall should be right in
front of us."
 He's not wrong. As soon as we round the corner a giant building in the
stile of a log cabin towers over us. Unlike  most of the one or two story structures,
the Adventurers' Hall as a flight of step s rising upward, and three stories on top
of that.  A set of double doors at the top of the stone steps stand invitingly open.
 I say, "Repair your stuff if you want. I'm going in."
 Leroy says, "I'll go with you."
 Most of the group scatters to chec k out the merchant's wares, except
Sajina who takes a seat on the steps.  "I'll wait for you here."
 "Everything okay?"  I ask
 "Yeah..." He says. "I just don't think I'll be helpful in there, so I'd rather
rest."
 "Up to you." Leroy says.
 I say, "Let's go."
 The hollow thumping of feet on hard wooden floors inside tells me the Hall
has a basement.  There's a counter much like a hotel reception desk, and there are
a few tables and benches, as I pass one I see the surface is painted with a map of
the area.  Still no people...
 I call, "Hello?" not sure if I'll get an  answer, but then a small bespectacled
head pops up from behind the desk.  No facial hair, and an unfortunate comb
over that makes me think, "Buddy, you're not fooling anyone."
 "Just a minute!"  The man says in a slightly nasal voice. A chair scoots on
the floorboards, the head disappears, and a little gnome in a gaudy Thanksgiving
colored sweater waddles around the counter. He's got a big ass for his small
flabby body, that makes me wonder if he's ever actually been on an adventure.
 I ask, "Is this the Adventurers' Hall?"
 "It is, it is!" he says, "... and you must be..."
 There's a jolly leading tone in his voic e, so I clap my hands and overact my
enthusiasm, "Adventurers!"
 He laughs.  "Among the first!"
 I say, "There were others here before  us?" finding it hard to believe that
anyone could have passed us without us knowing.
 "A few..." he begins, "... but not like you. There's something of life still in
you."
 "So the others were dead." Leroy says.
 That makes sense. Digitizers.
 "Yes." The gnome says. "A few fallen he roes.  I'm Milnus, the owner of this
hall. How may I help you."
 Leroy says, "We need to make money to pay for travel. The man at the gate
said you could help with that."
 "I see..."  he muses.  "Well, the public  bulletin is over here."  He leads us to
the wall opposite the entrance which has a great many paper leaflets posted on it.
"Browse these, find a suitable job and br ing the listing back to me, or whoever's
tending the desk.  I've already been paid by the employer so once it's done you'll
be paid immediately."
 Leroy says, "That sounds good." as  he begins examining the notes.
 Milnus asks, "If I may as k, where are you going?"
 I say, "Durolan Necropolis."
 "I see...  I think..." He begins moving back to the counter. "Just a
moment."  He disappears behind the desk, there's that scraping sound of a chair
or stool on hard wood, and he returns with  a box of note cards.  He says, "Please
sit." As he puts the box on a table like it 's a top shelf, and pulls himself up on a
human sized chair. We grab a couple of seats at the same table.
 "What's in the box?" I ask.
 Milnus says, "These are jobs for adve nturers that have proven themselves.
Important clients I wouldn't want to let down. They are non-public listings." He
pulls a card and places it face down on th e table, then another.  "Have a look at
these."
 He pushes them toward us.

Quest - Netherwright Trading Company
Difficulty: Challenging
Duration:  3 Weeks

Join a Netherwright caravan as they travel north to Athelon necropolis, and
serve as their guardian along the way.


Objectives:
Caravan safely reaches Athelon necropolis  0/1
Goods received in full     0/1

Rewards:
+3000 Reputation with Ashe March Adventurers' Hall
250 Hades Gold Marks
7000 Gold

Ineligible.
You must have a friendly reputation with  Ashe March Adventurer's Hall to
accept this quest.

 Three weeks?  I'm not liking the sound of that one so I check the other.

Quest - Shroudmoon Express - Cabin Security
Difficulty: Challenging
Duration:  2 Days

The Shroudmoon Express needs professi onals to maintain the peace
between traveling guests, and put down  any monsters, bandits, or other
undesirable entities that attempt to board in transit.


Objectives:
Ride the Shroudmoon Express to Athelon necropolis from Coldwash  0/1
Passengers arrive safely        0/1

Rewards:
+500 Reputation with Ashe March Adventurers' Hall
200 Hades Gold Marks
500 Gold

Ineligible.
You must have a friendly reputation with  Ashe March Adventurer's Hall to
accept this quest.

 "This one. " I say tapping the job for the Shroudmoon Express.
 Leroy nods.  "Is that payment per person or per party?"
 "Compensation is awarded for each person who participates. However,"
Milnus says. "Fine adventurers as I'm sure you are, I don't know you well enough
to trust you with this work. These are prestigious clients. Prove yourself by
completing a task or two on the public board, and I think we can work something
out."
 Leroy looks to me and says, "Rep grind." in a quiet voice.
 I nod in acknowledgement and say, "You wouldn't happen to have
anything up there that involves dragons would you?" sounding hopeful.
 Milnus scoffs sounding incredulous, "On the public board? Not likely. We
save the most advanced jobs for the private listings."
 "Had to ask." I say. "Our guild has a thing about dragons."
 The gnome says, "You're welcome to br owse the listings to see what you
can find."
 We've been going over the board fo r twenty minutes when Tako, Frobod,
and Pahrem enter together.
 Tako says, "Anything interesting?"
 "Yeah."  I say. "It's basically li ke a wanted ads host for quests."
 Leroy says, "We can do a bunch of small ones, or one big one to take us up
to friendly status."
 Pahrem asks, "Why do we need friendly status?"
 I say, "There's a special job for security aboard the Shroudmoon Express,
but we need at least Friendly status to take it."
 "Hence the rep grind." Leroy says, and then passes me a note. "I like this
one. +1000 rep, zero to friendly in one go."
 I have a gander.

Quest - Missing Hunter - In Death We Are Parted
Difficulty: Challenging
Duration:  N/A

The  mortal hunter Zan recently arrived to Hades from Have n in search of
his wife, Marcy. Shortly a fter finding her, he went missing; last seen in the
vicinity of Ashfall Pass.

Discover Zan's fate and bring news back to  his wife. If he is alive, escort
him home. If not, present Marcy with a token of his death so she can
summon him from wherever his spirit may be.

WARNING: Vampires and were creatures have been spotted in this area.


Objectives:
Discover the fate of Zan     0/1
Return to Marcy with Zan or a token of his defeat 0/1

Rewards:
+1000 Reputation with Ashe March Adventurers' Hall
75 Hades Gold Marks
300 Gold

Do you accept?  Yes / No

 I choose yes and say, "I was warned  that Vampires in Hades will be
different from Haven or the Freeworld."

Quest provisionally accepted.  No othe r parties may acce pt this quest.
Visit the desk of the Adventurers' Hall within two hours to complete
acceptance. Failure to do so within the allotted time will result in
cancellation of this quest.

 "How so?" Leroy asks.
 I say, "Apparently they're likely to be going insane from starvation unless
they brought a huge blood supply."
 Frobod asks, "So they  aren't ghosts?"
 "I don't think so."  I say. "If you remember the announcement when this
part of the world opened, undead and 'undying' characters can enter Hades and
leave Hades freely.  I guess that means Cerberus won't attack."
 Leroy says, "They'll probably be  more like zombies then... driven
exclusively by hunger."
 I say, "That's what I was thinking too.  So, what do you say? Are all of you
good with this quest?"
 "Works for me." Frobod says.
 Tako says, "Whatever gets  us to Mirae faster."
 Leroy says to Tako, "That's why I chose it. It's just one quest to get the rep
we need to ride the train."
 "Then let's do it." Tako sa ys. "How do we get started?"
 I take the paper in hand and walk ba ck over to the counter.  Milnus is
sitting in his chair behind the desk.  I pass it to him between two fingers, and say
"We'll do this one.  There's six of us. Names: Melpomine, TakoStar, Frobod,
Pahrem, Sajina, and LeroyJensen."

The status of quest:  Missing Hunter - In Death We Are Parted, has been
changed from "Provisionally Accepted" to "Accepted."

 I guess we won't have to worry about other groups stealing quest items.
 "Alright.." He says, writing down ea ch name in turn. "If you want the
Shroudmoon Express job, you'd better be back before tomorrow night. At the
very latest the next morning. The train leaves at six PM and you'll have to ride
some hours to get to it."
 "Got it." I say, "Time is of the essence." I hesitate. "Does Marcy have
anything of Zan's that we could use to locate him? I know a spell that might speed
things up, but it usually requires something the target handled."
 "I'm not sure." Milnus says, and writ es something on a piece of paper. "Go
see her at this address and I'm sure she'll answer all your questions. She's quite
worried as you can imagine."
 "Can you mark it on our maps?"  I ask.
 "Sure."  He says.
 Marcy lives in a cottage outside the trade district.  It matches the rest of
the city with it's thatched roof and  dark wooden struts. It's one story, with
circular wood trimmed port hole windows, and a cute red door.  I knock three
times.
 A few seconds pass before it opens revealing a brunette woman with
slightly pointed ears like my own.  Aside from the gnome, she's the first non-
human I've noticed.  I ask, "Are you Marcy?"
 She answers "Yes." in a slightly high  sweet voice that I'm sure her husband
adores.  Her eyes flicker from me, to Leroy and Frobod, then to the less armored
members of the party. "You look like adventurers. Are you here about Zan?"
 "Yes..." I say.
 Her body language relaxes and a re lieved expression crosses her face.
Being dressed in a basic dress—earth tones and a simple silhouette—she doesn't
strike me as someone who has interacted with many adventurers clad head to toe
in magical gear. I can't see the inside of the cottage, but I imagine it's simple yet
tidy like the woman herself.
 Leroy adds, "We hope to find him wi thin the next day, two at most."
 She eyes Sajina in the back, and says "I'd ask you all to come in but I'm not
sure you'd fit.  Why don't we discuss around back in the garden, and help yourself
to some Lemonade."
 Tako looks pleased by the offer of something to drink, so I quickly add,
"That won't be necessary.  We've just had a big breakfast."

Little White Lies.
Manipulation + Subterfuge. Success!
(Caliber of Success: 3)
"Trust me."

Subterfuge skill increased by 1. Current level: 4

  She says, "Alright then. Go ahead and walk around back. I'll meet you
there."
 As soon as the door cl oses, I shake my canteen at Tako.  "It wouldn't be
nice to rescue Mirae only to discover that you took her place because you got
thirsty."
 "Damn." He says, embarrassed. "I forgot. You'd think it'd give us a prompt
or something if we were about to bind to Hades."
 I say, "You're probably right, but I'd rather not risk it."
 We begin walking around the outside of  the little building when Leroy asks,
"What spell were you thinking?"
 "The one from the wererat I told yo u about.  I'm kind of curious what
happens if I switch to a Freeworld Alias down here."
 Frobod says, "I thought you didn't like playing that character."
 "I don't... kinda...  It's kinda like  the mist how the game warps your
perception of things. They force you to feel things but, like... psychological
conditioning based on the sensations in your body's perception of the
environment that makes you downright irritable if not outright angry. It's why I
never advanced any of my mammal weres. They all have this in common."
 "I'll take your word on it." Frob od says, "Freeworld gaming sounds
intense."
 "It is, but then so is Haven. It's  just intense in different ways."
 Marcy's waiting for us out back wher e she has a round table large enough
to seat two people. Looks like we'll be standing.
 She says, "I'm so glad that you're confident. There haven't been many
adventurers in Hades yet."
 Leroy says, "We'll find him. We just need a bit more information. For one,
am I to understand that he's still living?"
 Marcy says, adding a sad exasperated sigh, "Damn fool. We're long lived.
I'd have wanted him to move on without me. Do some mourning, but find a new
wife so he could live fully in Haven. Who am I to take that from him?"
 I ask, "So he's an elf, or some other long lived race?"
 Marcy says, "He's like you, me... and that one over there." She notes Tako
to the side.
 "Understood."  I say, "If your age is any indication, he could have had
another seventy on up to a hundred more years in the living world."
 "I know." she says, "That's why he's a damned fool for coming here."  She
adds sadly, "But I still love him."
 "Do you mind if I ask how he got he re?" I say, "Finding the gate and
passing Cerberus isn't easy."
 "Tells me he took a train!" She sa ys, "The Shroudmoon Express of all
things. Everyone knows there are no stops in Haven, but that's his story and he's
sticking to it. Good Haven men coming across a train, wouldn't know what they
were looking at."
 "That's interesting," Frobod says, "But not very helpful in terms of finding
his current location. Do you have his portrait, or perhaps something that belongs
to him? Mel says she knows a spell that could help us find him faster."
 "A portrait?" She considers, "No. Haven't been dead that long and haven't
had money for such a commission."
 I ask, "Something that belonged to him then? You said he was a hunter in
the listing. Perhaps a spare bow or one of his arrows? Even a pillow would do if
he slept on it."
 "Just a moment." She says, turning back to the cottage. The rear door,
unlike the front, is painted white. "I may have something that will work."
 She disappears into her home, leavin g us all surrounded by the plants in
her garden. The heads of yellow red, and purple peaking through patches of green
are all too nice, serine and calming.  The scent is of a fine day, and a fresh
perfume.  I wonder if Marcy has a green thumb, or if this is just an NPC's version
of heaven.
 She returns with the shaft of an a rrow in one hand, and an arrowhead in
another. "Zan said the shaft wasn't straight and there was some kind of problem
with this arrowhead. Will either of these help?"
 I say, "The arrowhead would work be st if you don't mind me making off
with it."
 Marcy says, "Take it if it'll help you find my husband."
 Leroy asks,  "Can you give us any in formation about why he went to such a
dangerous area?"
 Marcy sighs, "Pride I guess, Said he  wanted to bring home the biggest kill
he ever made to celebrate finding me here. I just hope he's okay. If he's still alive
bring him back, but if not... I need something of his death so a priestess can call
his spirit."
 "Alright."  I say, "We'll see what we can do."







Chapter 11 - Rage

 We spend a few minutes repairing our gear in town and consuming rations
so that we're alert and don't have to worry  about anything brea king on us.  After
that, we're back on the road flying over th e hard packed dirt that will lead us to
Ashfall Forest, wherein Ashfall Pass is located.
 Frobod says, "This quest is taking us  pretty close to the Dungeon Charon
marked for us."
 "Zan might be inside."  I say.
 "Probably." Leroy confirms. "That's how these things usually work."
 Having not fought any I ask, "What are Vampires like in Haven?"
 "What do you mean?" Frobod asks. "You can't play them, so they're just
mobs you can kill."
 "Do they have any weaknesses?" I ask.
 Leroy says, "Sunlight's the big one si nce they never come out during the
day. They have a liquid diet, and tend to be pretty good at mind magic. You can
also kill them with a stake through the hear t, but that's usually not an option if
their wearing armor."
 I say, "In Freeworld, Fire's their we akness. The stick in the chest thing
doesn't work, it'll just paralyze them. They  also have a problem with were claws,
but those hurt everything."
 Leroy says, "I guess we won't know  what we're facing until the first
engagement."
 I point to a smaller path forking off the main road, with a sign that reads
"Ashfall Forest." I say, "Here's our stop." and bring the elechopper down. "We
should go on foot just in case there are clues."
 Leroy asks, "You want to do your spell thing?"
 "Head into the forest first and see if  it's necessary. I'd rather stay as
Melpomine  if it's at all possible."
 "Up to you." Leroy says. "Weapons out, gear up. Cast your buffs."
 I equip Bite but go through the motion s to cast Move like Water, Enhanced
Dexterity, and Enhanced vitality. A whis tling wind sound surrounds me paired
with a steady thump-bump, thump-bump when the last two buffs take hold.
Tako has his daggers, and Frobod hefts hi s greatsword. Sajina, he's lingering in
the back with his new harp. He plays a few notes to give us all the inspired buff.
 I say, "Sajina and Pahrem stick together.  Let's do this."
 As soon as we set foot in Ashfall Fores t, everything feels gloomy.  It's still
mid-day  but the dense canopy gives the pl ace eternal shade. It's also quiet like
everything else in this world. Less rustling than Dragonswood, and our plate
wearer's clunks are ever louder for it.
 T a k o  s a y s ,  " T h e r e ' s  g o t t a  b e  s o m e  g a m e  h e r e ,  o r  t h a t  Z a n  g u y  w o u l d n ' t
have come hunting."
 I say, "That or he was as big a noob as the rest of us and didn't know better.
Do animals have souls?"
 To answer my question a "Thwap!" sounds from somewhere in the brush,
and something moving so fast I can't see zings right over my shoulder. It
disappears in the understory. I stand still, readying myself for an attack but none
comes.  If an archer wants to kill us, we're easy prey.
 We're standing so still that even heavy armor fails to make sound. Tako
says, "I think something glitched."
 I say, "Keep moving and be on guard. This place just became unfriendly."
 Three paces later, an arrow ricochets off Leroy's breastplate. We still can't
see our attackers.
 "Turn back mortals." a male voice sa ys. "You're kind is unwelcome here."
 I say, "Come out and face us!"
 A skinny human man appears on the path before us, having dispelled a
concealment or invisibility spell. His nameplate says Andrew. Normal name for a
place like this. He's wrapped in brown monk's robes like he just left a Dojo. "Turn
back." he says in a measured voice. "It' s nothing personal. We can't allow you to
feed the undead."
 "We're looking for someone who came through here. A Half-elf like us..." I
indicate Tako. "Dark hair. Male.  Have you seen him? He probably had a bow."
 "We captured someone like that a few days ago, but he escaped."
 Leroy says, "Was his name Zan?"
 "Yes." Andrew says. "Now leave."
 Leroy says, "That's not going to work for us. See, Zan's got a wife in the
village that's worried sick about him and we told her we'd bring him back."
 Andrew hisses "Don't test me." in a voice that sounds a bleeding heartbeat
from exploding into violence.
 Leroy says, "We know what we're doing. I for one have been killing undead
for years. Just let us go find our man, and we'll be out of your hair. No harm, no
foul."
 A n d r e w  r o a r s ,  " I  S A I D  L E A V E ! "  a s  h i s  w h o l e  b o d y  c o n t o r t s ,  s e n d i n g  h i s
limbs convulsing at unnatural angles. His ar ms hands, and face grow a lot furrier
a s  h e  b e c o m e s  t a l l e r .  A  h a i r l e s s  t a i l  s prouts from beneath his robes. His round
head elongates into a pointy rat face and lengthy whiskers sprout from either side
of his twitching nose. He's unarmed, but ugly wicked claws tip each of his fingers.
 "Wererat!"  Tako calls.
 A n d r e w  b o l t s  i n  t o  g i v e  L e r o y  a  p o w e r f u l  c l a w  w i t h  h i s  b a r e  h a n d .
Wererat nails screech against metal armor leaving a quad rip of deep grooves.
 "That's a hell of a rat!"  Leroy says, surprised at the dent in his armor.
 Tako says, "So is this the Haven or Freeworld kind?" and then shadow
steps behind our attacker.
 I say, "I don't know yet, he's not talking.  We'll know if he tries to
communicate." I then make a kissing sound, and spin Bite.  "Over here!"

Taunt. Successful.
Andrew attacks.

 I'm expecting Andrew's next attack and slip out of the way, but just barely.
The wererats I know have a ton of dex.  I call out, "Sajina!  Harp! No one hit him.
If this is a Freerat," I make up the neol ogism on the spot for Freeworld wererats.
"I'm going to keep dodging until he burns up all his anger. If this is the Haven
kind... We'll deal with him when he wakes up... or not."
 I duck beneath another claw, and then  slap an incoming hand away with
Bite. Electricity crawls over his body. Crap! I didn't mean to do that. The
backlash of muscle memory.  The wererat shrieks in rage in response to my parry.
 "Hurry up Sajina!"  A quieter part of my mind recognizes that he's playing
music, but it's hard to make out in all the commotion of combat.
 Andrew comes in with another pair of  quick claw attacks, one from each
hand. I weave out of the way of the first, but the second knocks a level off my flow
like water defense.  I duck under his arm when he makes a swing for my face.
 Frobod asks, "You sure you don't want us to engage?"
 I say, "Yes!" as I side step another blow.
 Andrew raises a hand for another strike, I'm ready to dodge, but his
movement grows sluggish mid swing, and hi s arm falls to his side.  The wererat's
eyes lose focus, and he stumbles as if drunk, going down on one knee.  A moment
later, he's face down in the dirt, snoring like a combustion engine. Sajina halts his
song.
 "Now what?" Frobod asks.
 I say, "We're still surrounded. So..."
 I pull out my VT and scroll throug h the aliases menu listing all the
characters Jordan and I built up over the years of playing Freeworld and Haven
Online.  I find the name I'm looking for—"L illy" spelled with a capital i in place of
a lower case L since the proper spelling of the name was already taken at the time
of character creation.  I receive a prompt I haven't seen before when I select that
name.

Alias:
Lilly
Magical - Human (Wererat - Rodekin) - Female
Rank: Perfect (Grandfathered)

Options:
Change Alias
Infect Current
Cancel

 Curious about the new choice, I tap on "Infect Current."

WARNING: Choosing this option will in fect the current alias: Melpomine
with the nativity pestilence. If magical ly cured before it runs its course,
Melpomine will become immune to th e pestilence. If the Melpomine alias
survives the pestilence for one day, it will gain the subrace: Rodekin. These
changes can only be undone via rebirth.

Do you wish to proceed?  Yes /  No

 I tap the surface of my VT in an emphatic no. Unlike most shifters which
are born to were creature parents, Freeworld wererats, otherwise known as
Rodekin, are either born of Rodekin mo thers and fathers, or being a normal
human and surviving what is called the nativity pestilence. If you're a an
adventurer it inflicts a crap ton of deb uffs, but changes you into a wererat if you
survive by resisting it's effects with yo ur stamina. Looking to the future of the
game, it's likely the only way the Haven races can become one.

Alias:
Lilly
Magical - Human (Wererat - Rodekin) - Female
Rank: Perfect (Grandfathered)

Options:
Change Alias
Infect Current
Cancel

 I choose "Change Alias."

Do you wish to assume the Lilly identity?
Yes / No

 I  p i c k  y e s .   I t ' s  b e e n  s o  l o n g  s i n c e  I ' v e  p l a y e d  t h i s  c h a r a c t e r  t h a t  I  d o n ' t
even remember what she was wearing. Ra inbow colored streamers of magic light
wrap me like a mummy, before pulsing a psychedelic glow, and fading. As it turns
out, it's a pair of bell bottom jeans, a ye llow and pink tie-dye tank top, and a pair
of  pink oversized heart shaped sun glasses.
 Tako stares at me in stunned silence, before clearing his throat and saying
"Holy disco Batman. We're going to funky town."
 "Shit..." I say, it's all social clothe s without any stats. I pull up my gear
menu, and fast equip everything I'd been wearing as Melpomine. The tie-dye
disappears,
 Frobod says, "I don't know why, but it's weird seeing you as a brunette
human."
   "You've got bangs."  Pahrem says.
 I check my stats to make sure everything is as I remember.  Same primary
stats. Plus the ability to shape change into the following forms.

Nezumi (Rat Form)
Adjustments:
Strength:    -80%
Dexterity:  +60%
Stamina:    -40%
Perception: +50%
Appearance: N/A

War Form (Anthropomorph)
Strength:  +5%
Dexterity:  +20%
Stamina: +10%
Appearance: -80%
+2 Unarmed Damage

Rattadon (Giant Rat - Size: Pony)
Strength: +10%
Dexterity: +15%
Stamina: +20%
Appearance: N/A

 There are also a pair of new traits  right under my name before all my
attributes, skills, and special abilities.

Rage:  3
Calm:  2

 Every time I get hit in combat, someone offends me, or I encounter
something annoying the system rolls Rage , and then my Calm rating on a ten
sided dice.  I'm not quite sure how the ga me knows what qualifies as aggravating,
but I assume it has something to do either  with my heart rate, or the parts of my
brain that are active. If Rage rolls more dic e great er t h an  s ix, m y  v en t m eter, a
red bar now at the bottom of my vision goes up by 10%.  If  it gets up to 100% for
more than five seconds, I see red and attack anything that moves.  The only way
to burn it off is by taking aggressive actions - punching a wall or someone, kicking
an inanimate object, or screaming out loud .  Meditation also works, but requires
a period of inactivity.
 The benefit of Rage is that 50% of a full vent meter can also be burned to
shape change instantaneously, and 30% can be used to double my attack or
movement speed for three seconds so long as I'm taking an aggressive action.
 I look down at the snoring were rat, and change forms.  It feels hot when I
use rage for instant transformation, but si nce I'm not doing that it's a whole body
tingling paired with the sensation of someone giving me an aggressive massage in
every muscle that's reforming.  My pants expand to allow for a long tail to push
out my bottoms, and my face grows long an d hairy. My skin it ches as my entire
body sprouts a layer of shiny brown fur.
 I nudge Andrew with my foot to brea k Sajina's sleep spell, and address him
in the Rodekin language. "Feel better now?" If he attacks, I'll know we're dealing
with the Haven variety which are mindless monsters.  I nudge him again, and say
"Hey!"
 His eyes flutter, then pop open . I hold my breath. He groans. This is good.
 He eyes me skeptically, "Who are you? ... are you? You're wearing the same
clothes as the blonde woman." and says "I  didn't know you were a warrior of the
Earth Mother. I didn't know it was possibl e for your kind to become... Your hair's
different and your ears... Which face is real?" in the same language.
 I look back to the group and say, "He's a Freeworld rat." in the common
tongue.  They're all looking at me astonished. It only now occurs to me that this is
probably the first time an y of them except Frobod has encountered one of the
Freeworld races in game.
 "Bad ass!" Leroy says, and touches my fur.  I give him an angry chitter.  My
vent meter hops up to 20 percent as someone pulls my tail.



 I whirl, unable to discern the culprit and snap, "Knock it off!" My vent
drops back down to zero.



  Tako says, "Angry ratty." Vent up to 10 percent.




 "Bite me." Back down to zero.
 I turn back to Andrew and say, "The y're with me. I'm confident we can
handle the vampires."
 He laughs. "You're just a child. You ca n't expect me to send a pup like you
into their den with a bunch of mortals."
 "We can handle ourselves!"
 "Prove it."
 I'm about to throw the nearest object I can get my hands on at him when a
coyote pads down the path behind him, and then a raven swoops down from the
canopy and lands on its head. "Test."  The raven caws.  "Trial."
 The Coyote then morphs into a Nati ve American man with long black hair
wearing a beaded animal skin vest, and a tattered cowboy hat. His fur fades into
his skin and four legs become two in a sp lit second. Unlike Andrew, a smirk plays
at the corners of his lips.  He says, "I'll watch them try to kill themselves."
 The raven caws, "Sponsor." Then expl odes in a flurry of wings and dark
feathers to become a young Spanish woma n, with baby fat on her cheeks and
black hair tied in a long braid.  She's wearing a pair of jeans and a black t-shirt.
Their names are Jeremy and Camilla.
 Camilla says, "I'll sponsor you and na me this your trial if for no other
reason than to make rat boy angry."
 Andrew sneers, "She's not your kind."
 She grins, "I know! Isn't it fun? It's li ke you said, I've never seen one of the
point ears in service to the Earth Mother."  She gives me a look, and says "I know
they're round now, but if you wouldn't mind  I'd really appreciate it if  you could
pretend their still pointed while I'm teasing Mr. Andrew."
 Andrew takes a deep breath, making  a visible effort to remain calm.
"That's not what I meant, and you know it."
 Jeremy says, "Being that we're running in a mixed pack, I'm not sure that
matters."
 "Fine!" Andrew says, clinching a fist.  "But if she dies, or the devourers get
even a drop of blood it's on you. Got it?"
 Camilla grins, "Wouldn't have it any other way."
 Andrew burns a bunch of rage, and drops down into his nezumi form.  His
body contracts and implodes on itself almo st faster than the eye can see.  Once
he's small and on all fours, he darts off into the foliage.
 Camilla says, "Rat-man's got a hot temper."
 "Don't we all."  I mutter.
 Frobod asks, "Not to be rude, and th ank you for not killing us, but... What
just happened?"
 "Right." Camilla says.  "Here's the rule s. You go off, do your thing, and we
follow."
 "...and?"   Tako asks.
 "That's it!" Camilla says, "Our job is to watch, not interfere."
 I say, "I thought you said this was a trial."
 Camilla says, "Ahh well... Quite frankl y, the spirits have barely heard of
you."  Probably because I've barely played this character. "Do your job well, and
Jeremy here will sing your praises!"
 He tips his hat, "I'm good for that."
 I'm surprised to hear Sajina chip in with "Does that mean you're a bard?"
with a hopeful tone in his voice.
 Jeremy shrugs, "Maybe if I were at a renaissance festival, but sure. Call me
a bard.  I sing the old songs."
 Frobod asks, "I don't get it. What's the point if you're not going to do
anything?"
 Camilla says, "You want to explain ra tface?"  Vent meter's up to 20%.



 "It's some stupid social shit." Vent down to 10%. "All Freeworld weres get
their power from nature spirits. In order to get stronger powers, you need to
impress them.  Once you do, you can learn special abilities, and other shifters will
instinctively treat you with more respect."
 Leroy asks, "So it's a race based rep grind. What happens if we fail?"
 Camilla grins, and answers in a sing  song voice. "We destroy you before
the leeches can consume you and become st ronger, but no need to be negative.
What's the first rule of fighting evil everyone?"
 "Uhmmm..." Frobod says,  we're all exchanging questioning looks.
 "Don't leave anyone behind?" Frobod asks.
 Camilla rolls her eyes, "That's like number four or five.... Rule number one:
Have fun! No need to worry about the dark stuff if it's not gonna happen."
 Frobod asks, "Can you remind me why we all need a trial?"
 "You don't need anything." Jeremy sa ys, "Unless you're secretly a Lupine
that I can't smell."
 "It's all about her." He points his fing er at me. "She needs to make a name
for herself and have her deeds acknowledged  by the spirits. That way, next time
she comes strolling through here we won't have this kind of confrontation."
 Camilla says, "So Miss Rattypants." Ve nt meter creeping higher. I clinch
my fist.  She tisks.  "Temper temper..."



 "WHAT DO YOU KNOW ABOUT TEMPER?" I take a deep breath. "...
sorry."
 Camilla says, "Yeah... You're gonna have  to get that looked at. Your job is
to go find that guy and keep these mortal s safe from a bunch of leaches. Got it?
Here," she pulls a tiny rectangular pa ckage from her pocket, and withdraws a
shiny sleeve of foil. "Have some gum.  You can't be angry while chewing Bubble
Pop."
 "I don't want it."
 "What, afraid it came from Hades?" Camilla says. "I've got news for you.
We've been stalking this nest since they snuck in from the Freeworld. This mondo
chew is a-okay land of the living approved."
 I give the stick a skeptical look and th e n  t a k e  i t  n o t  w a n t i n g  t o  b e  r u d e .
"I'll hold on to it for now.  You never know when I'll need a better mood."
 Camilla says, "Now that that's all taken care of, be good! We're watching."
and takes two running steps toward me. I instinctively dodge out of the way but
it's unnecessary because her body shrinks down and grows dark like a raven.  The
sound of beating wings fills the air along with a series of caws that sound like
laughter.  Jeremy tips his hat, and make s an equally quick change into his coyote
form, running off the opposite direction.
 "That was... interesting." Pahrem sa ys, having been quiet until now.
 "Yeah..." I say. "I've got a feeling this  is going to be a Freeworld dungeon."
 "How do we find it?" Frobod asks.
 I say, "Might as well do the spell now since I'm rat girl." and pull out a
length string and the arrowhead. "Give me a little space." I say, and begin my
preparations by threading the end of the string through the small hole used to
affix the arrowhead to a shaft.   I cup it in my hands, and raise it above my head
as if making an offering to the forest.  A high pitched chitter escapes my mouth.


Cast Seeking Stone. Failed.

 Tako says, "I don't think it's working."



 I say, "Shut up! I told you I never play this name."
 Pahrem asks, "Can't you just cast the spell as Melpomine?"
 "I told you! It's Rodekin magic! Are you trying to piss me off? It won't
work on non-were aliases.  Just back off and give me a damn chance to work."



 Pahrem says, "Touchy."
 I try to ignore her as I attempt the spell again. I hold the arrowhead and
string over my head in cupped hands and release another chitter. This time my
efforts are rewarded when a large Magpie swoops down from a trees above.  It's
entire body is outlined in a blue glowin g aura which tells me that it's a spirit
rather than a normal bird.
 "Hungry."  The Magpie says in the Rodekin language.
 "I need your help." I say.
 "Hungry."  the Magpie repeats.
 I ask, "Will you help?"
 The Magpie says, "Feed first. Help later."
 Coming up with an idea on the spot, I open my inventory to find a pack of
Pehrom's trail mix I haven't eaten, and pour it out on the ground. The black and
w h i t e  b i r d  p i c k s  a t  t h e  n u t s  a n d  s o m e  o f  t h e  r a i s i n s .  I  s i g h  w i t h  r e l i e f  k n o w i n g
that the offering has been accepted.  I'm careful not to interrupt.
 Tako asks, "Are we just going to st and around and watch a ghost bird eat?"
 "Wait!" I snap in a stage whisper.
 The magpie flies off, and I clinch my teeth. Son of a fuck. A young sparrow
comes down to take its place, and starts in on the nuts with its beak. It's not
glowing, but its presence is reassuring. Maybe there's still hope.
 I'm watching the little bird eat when  out of nowhere the glowing magpie
swoops down like an eagle and begins peck ing. The two birds dance in a flurry of
flapping wings and pained cries, but the smaller bird is no match for the magpie
spirit.  It stabs the little sparrow over an d over, right in the eyes until the little
brown bird no longer moves.
 "Holy shit." Pahrem says.
 "Look at em' go!" Tako cheers.
 Unlike in nature, the sparrow despawns  like a ghost, once the magpie has
a few nips at its corpse to drive home it's  fate. When finished with its meal the
lambent spirit bird hops on the ground toward me, and caws "I help."
 Feeling relieved with the last of my  rage vicariously drained out of me, I
say, "We need to find the man attached to this. Can you take us to him?"
 It cocks it's head, and then rustles it's feathers. "Yes."
 "Thank you."  I say.
 The magpie flaps it's wings taking off from the ground. instead of going
into the trees however, it grows more an d more insubstantial until it's nothing
but a cloud of shimmering ether. I hold the string and arrowhead out in my
cupped hands, the same as I did before. Th e cloud swirls like water into a drain
leading directly into its face.
 Pahrem says, "Freeworld magic is weird."
 Leroy asks, "How's it work?"
 "Watch." I say. With the Magpie gone, and the arrowhead now glowing
with a faint light, I let it dangle from my fist like a pendant on a chain.  Instead of
hanging straight down it tugs north east of where we are standing as if drawn by a
giant magnet. I point in the direction th e arrowhead's pulling. "Looks like he's
that way."
 "Alright, let's go."  Leroy says.
 I say, "Leroy, if I lose control you're tank.  I'd appreciate it if you didn't kill
me if I enter the blood rage.  It'll fade in a few seconds.  Try to CC  me if you can."
 Frobod asks, "How do we  know if that happens?"
 I say, "If it looks like I'm attacking something I shouldn't and suddenly
stop using my staff, I'm not in control anymore."
 Leroy says, "Got it. Let's hope that doesn't happen."
 Instead of following the path, I decide to take the most direct route
possible walking between the trees, and cr unching through all the natural debris
on the forest floor. The terrain is getting steeper as we head into Ashfall Pass.
Unlike the real world, we have decent enough freedom of movement, but in this
section of the forest all the twigs, falle n leaves and earthy clutter on the ground
makes it all but impossible to move silently.
 A squeal sounds to our right. I look over just in time to see a boar coming
at me.  It has muddy fur, bright white tusks , and is so tall that if hit I'd receive a
blow right to my sternum. These aren't Old MacDonald's pigs.
 As soon as combat starts,  the seeking stone vanishes into my inventory.  I
narrowly slip out of the way. I spin Bite, and hit the big ugly swine in the rump as
it rushes past. Electricity leaps from my staff.  Those tusks look painful.
 Tako follows my hit with one of hi s throwing knives, and Frobod charges
in with his greatsword. I get off a good taunt in time for the big boar to turn
around and make another pass. I feel like a matador.  I'm about to slip out of the
way again when Leroy's hammer cracks square  against its head sending it into a
ear wrenching squeal of fatality. It's so still on the forest floor compared to just
moments before.  Tako loots and calls out "Boar meat." as the body vanishes.
 Not too difficult.
 I suspect the real challenge will be when we find the dungeon.
 Eight or nine boars later, equally easy to dispatch, the terrain becomes
semi-steep. Not enough for an interestin g downhill ski run, but enough to get
your heart pumping a bit faster than traversing flat land.  There are more peeks of
the sky here, and the trees are largely evergreen.
 I can tell the earth becomes steeper far ahead, but we don't have to go
there because we come to a structure built right into the side of the mountain.
It's old and forgotten. Vines twist around  the faces of four columns that remind
me of the Parthenon. At the center of the middle two, a great black hole
shimmers with a swirling portal. The arro whead on a string reaches. leading us
right toward it.


Chapter 12 - Ashfall Crypt

 The feeling of weightlessness settles as my foot comes down on old, dry
stone. Unlike the caves leading us into  Hades, this place, the Ashfall Crypt
according to our map, has ambient red magica l lighting.  It's not too bright, still a
lot of shadows, but enough that adven turers can make their way through without
a light spell.
 Leroy comes in behind me. Followed by Pahrem, Frobod, and the rest of
the crew. Once we are all inside, a coyote and raven both slip through the portal.
I hadn't seen them following. Rather than  stopping for a chat, the raven flaps off
into a place I can't see, and the coyote runs ahead, becoming thinner and more
translucent with each step he takes from the entrance.
 I say, "Since they're Freeworld weres, I'm betting that these are going to be
Freeworld vamps. Beheading works, as does fire. Everything else will reduce their
health, but won't actually kill them unless they are burned or beheaded once they
are at zero health."
 Leroy says, "Awesome." speaks some  arcane words, and sets his hammer
on fire. "New dungeon with unknown mechanics, and if we die we respawn all the
way back at Haven Durolan or wherever you have your bind point set."
 "Sounds about right." I say. "You, me and Pahrem all have resurrections."
 Leroy says, "Continuing our instruction, this may be a good time to teach
you Minor elemental weapon if you have the points for it."
 I check my VT.

Minor Elemental Weapon - Fire (Rank One)
Cost: 500 Manna
Target:  Weapon
Duration: 1 Hour
Requirements:
Haven Elemental Magic (Rank 1)
 Attunes your weapon to the element of fire.

Effect:
All physical damage caused by your weapon is
considered to be both physical and fire for the
purposes of elemental resistances and weaknesses..


LeroyJensen wants to teach you Minor Elemental Weapon - Fire (Rank One).
The cost of this instru ction is 0 gold, and will require 10 special ability
points.

You currently have 110 unspent special ability points.
Do you accept?  Yes / No

 I choose yes.
 Leroy adds, "You want the acid one while I'm at it? That one's a bit harder
to find."
 "Sure."  I say.



LeroyJensen wants to teach you Mi nor Elemental Weapon - Acid (Rank
One). The cost of this instruction is  0 gold, and will require 10 special
ability points.

You currently have 100 unspent special ability points.
Do you accept?  Yes / No

 I choose yes. and say, "I know you only agreed to teach me, but
considering the stakes if we die without being bound in Hades, do you mind
teaching everyone else?"
 Frobod shrugs, "Sure. If everyone has points."
 As it turns out, Pahrem and Frobod already had the Elemental Magic
abilities, so for them it was just a matter of taking on a new sp ell. Everyone else
went down twenty points due to first ha ving to learn Haven Elemental Magic and
then Minor Elemental Weapon spells.
 Leroy spends a bit longer with Sajina than all the others, "Hot damn boy.  I
could turn you into a monster if you raise some of those basic combat skills."
Also adds up to 1 additional fire damage.
Minor Elemental Weapon - Acid (Rank One)
Cost: 500 Manna
Target:  Weapon
Duration: 1 Hour
Requirements:
Haven Elemental Magic (Rank 1)
 Attunes your weapon to the element of Acid.

Effect:
All physical damage caused by your weapon is
considered to be both physical and acid for the
purposes of elemental resistances and weaknesses..
Also adds up to 1 additional acid damage per attack.
 I look to him questioningly.  Leroy says, "This guy has six hundred eighty
six unspent points."
 "Damn..."  I say.  I thought I had a lot with my hundred.
 Tako says, "What do you expect? He's been sitting around doing social
stuff  the whole time. Every time he got a skill increase in... I don't know...
Flirting or basket weaving,  more points were added to his pool."
 I say, "In this case, I guess it pays to be a soc."
 Leroy says, "I'm not really a caster, b ut I've at least dabbed with all parts of
the game since it's my job to play and re view. I can get you started on some basic
stuff so you can do something at range."
 Ten minutes later, we're all re-buffe d and sporting new spells in our
repertoire.  When I cast Minor Elemental Weapon on Bite, it doesn't catch fire
like Frobod's hammer. Instead, either end glows like a hot coal, with little
tongues of flame leaping up once every te n or twelve seconds. The electricity at
either end still sparks and crackles. I also cast the spell on my Darksteel Chakram,
which makes them look like wheels of fi re.  By the grace of game magic, the
flames seem not to burn the wielders or their clothes. I wonder if we could cook
food on them.
 Leroy says to Sajina, "We should give  you some caster gear if any drops,
and heals don't need it.  A bigger manna pool will help you keep casting."
 Tako asks, "We ready to go?"
 I say, "I think we are.  Than ks for teaching everyone Leroy."
 Leroy says, "If it helps us survive, I'm glad to do it."
 I take in the environment, hard to see but it looks like a cross between a
cave and cathedral. Natural stone walls, with  large floor tiles. Slightly larger than
life statues of men and women in hooded robes are made creepy by the red light
as they look down at us from their lo fty positions every few paces. We have a
choice whether to go right or left.  The Seeking Stone pulls straight ahead, which
would lead us into a stone wall, and slightly to the left.
 I say, "Seems like left is the best direction."
 "Let's go." Frobod says.
 I nod, proceeding cautiously. No sign  of life yet, which makes me think
we're walking into an ambush. My eyes are focused on the way ahead as I say,
"Pahrem and Sajina stick together." An ec hoed drip sounds from deeper within
the dungeon. I know we'll be facing vamp ires, but I also wonder if these statues
can come to life. I'm always wary of human shaped ornamentation in a combat
environment.
 Something moves up ahead, a dark human shaped blotch within the
ambient shadows.  I say, "Get ready." and release a high pitched squeal which will
have to serve as a battle cry from my rat face muzzle.

Taunt. Successful.
Blood Starved Vampire attacks.

 I'd thought it'd already seen us, b ut I guess not because the vocalization
c a u s e s  i t ' s  h e a d  t o  s n a p  u p  a n d  c h a r g e  a t  u s  l i k e  a  b o n e  t h i n  g o r i l l a .  I t  s h r i e k s
from its human mouth in a way that so unds like a rabid raccoon. I brace for
impact, but then when I least expect it two more figures leap down from behind
statues on either side.  Their all draped in  dirty clothing that's so tattered I can't
t e l l  i f  I ' m  l o o k i n g  a t  r i p p e d  u p  d r e s s  s l a c k s  o r  p a n t a l o o n s .   T h e  s h i r t s  h a v e ,  o r
used to have, buttons and dried blood stains their fronts.
 The one on the right goes for Leroy,  and takes the impact of the clawed
hand and counter attacks with his burnin g hammer.  The monster screams, both
in pain and fear.   The one on the left conve rges on me.  I slip out of the way.  A
few more seconds until the one I taunted closes.  Tako makes a go for my attacker,
and I tag it in the side with Bite.   It sizzles like a brand as electricity leaps from
the tip and jumps in an arc to Frobod's attacker.  Now I have all their attention.
 I'm surprised when three violet mage bolts slam into the guy that tried to
hit me. I spare just a moment to look ba ck, and see the Gargoyle of all people
holding out his hand to cast the spell. New trick?  I guess so. I don't have time to
evaluate because the first on e I taunted is flying toward  me in an impossible ten
foot leap.  Now that it's close, I can see that this one is female with dirty, brown
matted hair. All three of the creatures have sunken eyes, and receding lips
revealing monster canine teeth. Note to self: Don't starve on a vampire
character.
 It crashes into me swinging a clawed hand that looks more like my wererat
claws than the other two.   Four health levels disappear from my Flow Like Water
defense.  Holy shit.  That kind of damage is hard to resist.
 I call, "Focus fire on the female! She' s got claws and their damage is hard
to take!"
 Frobod hears the command and smashes her with his greatsword.
Unfortunately, vampires are tough and wh ile it makes a soli d CRACK there's no
dismembered limb flying through the air li ke I'd expect from a human.  It knocks
her off balance, but she springs back up li ke she didn't even feel it and snaps at
me like a violent dog.
 Starving Vampire #1 (Female):   90% health.
 My vent meter is getting higher which is no bueno.



 I burn off thirty percent of it in one go, channeling the rage into extra
attacks.  A bestial screech  fills the air, and the fur on the back of my neck rises as
I realize it's my own. I didn't know I could m ake a sound like that.  Long before
any opponents can attempt another swipe I' m on them, smashing the butt of Bite
into the shriveled hissing woman's gut.  This time a poof of flame appears on
contact at the same time electricity jumps from her to her male companions.
 Wild Woman's only down 80% health.
 Pahrem shouts "Incoming!" as she lobs  one of her g'nades into the fray.
Leroy smacks Lady Vamp with another bl ow of his hammer, dropping her health
down to 60% to my surprise, the rags sh e's wearing catch fire. She swats at her
body with wild hands and begins to run the opposite direction, giving the flame
much air to breath. Tako attempts to shadow step behind her, but as soon as he
manifests she runs right past him before he can attack with his burning dagger.
 He says, "Oh shit!  I'm sorry!" turns, and begins sprinting back toward the
party. That can only mean one thing... He's spotted new monsters, and they are
coming after him.  I call, "Tako to Mirae 'till I pick them up!"
 I shadow step to his current positi on. Mirae's g'nades explode behind me
in a blast of fiery goop that splatters the two male attackers, and sends them
running as their clothes catch fire. As wi th the woman, the flames get bigger and
hungrier as they run down the hall in my direction.
 Three flaming vampires. Three more cl osing. I pick out the one leading the
charge for Tako and shout "Over here!" cl anking my staff against a statue.   The
newcomers are nearly skeletal.

Taunt. Successful.
Blood Starved Vampire attacks.

 He makes a beeline for me, and I run to  meet his charge, spinning my fiery
electrified staff and hand, ready to get do wn to business. POW! I knock him right
in the forehead, sending him flying back ward and onto the ground. The lightning
from my strike snags the others, which turn their attention to me.
 I must have critically failed my dodge roll, my combat logs are turned off,
because I trip over my own feet and I st ruggle just to maintain my footing. My
rage vent meter rises. Thump-bump bu mp bump thump-bump bump bump.  My
heart pounds in my ears.  Fuck!



 Two nasty blows hit me, stripping aw ay what remains of my Flow Like
Water Defense, and digging deep into my health levels. Bastards! At least they
don't have claws like the lady vamp. If they did, I'd be dead. Another sloppy,
albeit fierce blow smashes me on the side of my head as I try to catch my balance.
Health 40%.  Tump-bump bump-bump. Bumpbumpbump.



 I shout, "Fucking heal me!" As anothe r fist smashes into my face.   I catch
the faintest glint of Pahrem's golden heals. My health jumps back up to 90%.
Bumpbump Bumpbump Bumpbump BUMP. A skeletal hand smashes into my
body and gropes at my breast.  It hisses through an open fanged mouth, trying to
latch on, and pierce my skin for a drink.



 There are only two colors now, bright red like burning coal, and the darker
red of blood.  The blood color makes the sh apes of people and objects, and one is
trying to latch on me, so I toss the stick and rip off the side of it's head where the
face should be. The reds begin to dim,  but something else smashes me so I
screech and rip into that body too.  It's all hard and bony.
 Something else attacks,  I can't try to defend because the blood rage only
allows for aggressive actions and everything 's so red. As with the fog on Charon's
boat I can't even tell who I'm looking at. I have no course of action except to
strike. It feels like a ghost is making a puppet of me.
  I claw my attacker, and kick to kn ock it back.  Another body's coming at
me, so I leap on it before it can hit me like the others. My claws scream against
some kind of metal. Something tries to pull me back so I spin and slash at that
interloper rending its shell with my claws. The last figure I clawed runs, but that's
okay because the thing I've got is making a good struggle. I rip into a breastplate,
the metal screams it's resistance.
 Red starts to fade, as I make out... Fr obod!  I've ripped finger sized holes in
his armor.


 "Shit! Sorry."  I say. Frobod has an unnerved look on his face. At least he's
still alive.
 I look back, and see Leroy tanking not one, but six hungry vampires. Three
on fire, three not. He uses one of his divine abilities sending a blinding flash
through the crypt leaving his opponents stunned as he la ys into the one directly
in front of him with his burning hammer.
 I have no idea where Bite is, so I switch to unarmed.

Hot Swap (Rank 3) - Success!
You have equipped Fists of the Thunderlord.

 I wish these gloves had better defe nsive stats so I could leave them
equipped indefinitely. Shadow Step is st ill on cool down, so I burn 60% of my
rage meter to take aggressive actions in hot pursuit of the vampires. I'm a blur of
motion as I turn from Frobod and close with the closest unburning vamp in no
time flat.  I go in with a wild right hook  that flashes with blue lightning. I follow
through with an open hand claw that makes my heart jump as it claps like
thunder.  It's so jarring to have such a loud sound in a confined space.
 Leroy smashes one of the creatures I was just fighting with his hammer,
and it goes down, exploding into ash. On e of the burning vampires also collapses
without him touching it. It reminds me of a long burning log crumbling  in a fire
pit.
 I call,  "Pahrem, Leroy' s tank. All heals on him!"
 Stupid. I should have never tried to tank as Lilly.
 I hear her call back "Got it!" as Leroy lands another impressive blow.
Frobod's only now catching up to me with his monster sword, having been unable
to match my rage fueled speed. Tako must be behind one of Leroy's other targets
because I don't see him.
 I step aside to give Frobod an opening. He swings, I feel the heat from his
fiery blade, and another vampire crumples before exploding into ash.   Four more
to go.  One of the creatures makes a solid crack on Leroy's shield.   I know they
don't feel pain because hitting his bulwark must be like punching a steel wall.
 A trio of Mage bolts from Sajina hits one of the burning vamps, and it goes
down.  Leroy  illuminates with Pahrem's golden healing.  Three vampires left, one
burning. Frobod smashes the one on fire, for a moment I think it' resists the blow,
but then it collapses into a heap of ash.
 Two more, Leroy's hammer connects. I hit it with a KA-BLAM POW! with
a claw from my right, and then a thun derous crash from my left. It's less
unsettling this time because I'm expectin g the sound in close quarters.  Vampire
h e a l t h :  2 0 % .  T a k o  s h a v e s  o f f  t h e  l a s t  o f  i t  w i t h  o n e  o f  h i s  b u r n i n g  b l a d e s  a s  i t
screams and crumbles to ash.  The last on e throws it's body against Leroy's shield,
trying to reach around and grab him with it's bony hands.    It's not much of a
challenge for him to stay safe, but the angle is awkward to smash the creature
with his hammer. I go for a kidney shot, if vampires even have kidneys, which
crackles with light and electricity. Tako st abs it in the back, and Frobod cleaves it
with his giant sword smashing  the undead  body against Leroy's shield with his
giant burning blade.
 I hit it with another lightning flash jab, followed by and ear rattling BOOM
of a left handed uppercut. The vampire drops to the floor. At zero percent health.
 "No ash." Frobod says.
 I say, "It still has its head, and my hands aren't burning."
 Tako says, "I've got it."  as he squats  down, and buries  his fiery dagger into
his chest.  The vampire ignites, as if doused in kerosene, and crumples into ash. "I
could get used to these fire daggers. Thanks for teaching."
 I look around and find Bite laying on the ground a few paces away, glowing
hot red at either end, and crackling with electricity.
 Frobod says, "You need more control."
 "Yeah." I say, scratching the back of  my head in embarrassment. "My rage
is three, and calm is 2, so I'm already at a disadvantage."
 Leroy says,  "I don't know anything about these weres except what you told
us, but I think if you want to tank as one you need to get whatever stat resists that
berserk thing maxed out ASAP."
 "Yeah..." I say, "Pretty much everything  were specific is at starting level
since I didn't really play this character before the merge, but all the basic stats are
combined."
 Leroy asks, "You can't do that seekin g thing on any other characters?"
 "It's Freeworld were specific. The on ly way for Melpomine to use it would
be for her to become a were herself."
 "Alright."  Leroy says, "You go DPS un til we find that Zan guy. Once you're
back in your elf skin feel free to take over."
 I say, "That's what I was going to sa y. Every time I get hit my vent meter
gets a little more red, and when it's maxed out... Well, you saw it."
 Tako says, "At least we cleared two or three pulls in one go. You're
welcome."
 "Dude." Pahrem says, "You were scre amin' 'I'm sorry.' like five minutes
ago."
 Tako says,  "That was before I knew it'd all work out."  He bends down to
check the loot.  A few Hades marks, and some standard gold coins for all of us.
 Leroy says, "Everyone behind me.  Call out if you have incoming."
 I stick Bite back in my inventory con tent to fight unarmed this battle.  I
linger beside Pahrem and Sajina for a few moments as Leroy with his plate and
shield advances into the dungeon. Pahrem says, "Decided to hang at the back of
the bus, with the cool kids huh?"
 "For a few seconds."  I say. "Gonna wait for them to get rock solid agro
before engaging so I don't risk anything."
 Up ahead, a snarling human shaped body leaps from behind one of the
statues, and on to Leroy's back. I can tell  it's trying to bite him, under normal
circumstances, I'd say he shouldn't be worried, but Vampires can be strong, and I
can see dents in his armor from where it bit.  Frobod smashes it with his great
sword, but it's still holding on. Tako need les it with his daggers. I look to Pahrem
and say "That's my cue."  as I launch a burning chakram from my hand hitting
the creature right under the ribs.  Vampire 30%.
 I look to Sajina and say "Save your manna.  Sure enough another burning
cleave from Frobod connects with the monster falling apart in an explosion of ash.
I check the seeking stone, from our current position it's pulling ahead and slightly
to the right.
 I say, "If you get a chance to go right, try that."
 "Got it."  Leroy calls back.  "Pretty quiet so far, but they bite hard."
 About a minute Leroy stops and says "I've got a passage going right.  My
gut says it doesn't matter which way we go."
 I reiterate my earlier words. "Go right.  Any mobs?"
 Frobod says, "Nothing yet."
 Which of course means we're about to hit either a boss, or an
environmental challenge. Dungeons don' t get left empty unless you've already
cleared them.
 Leroy says, "Looks like a big open chamber up ahead. Don't see any
monsters."
 Sajina, Pahrem and I fall in behind him so now the whole party's standing
side by side. We're right at the threshold knowing that a step further could trigger
a game event. The ceilings are high, at le ast two or three stories, and the lighting
has shifted from red to violet. There are also a number of tall columns like the
ones outside. The floors are tiled, same  as before, and there are of course more
statues. The only thing out of place is a giant stone pedestal that is conspicuously
empty at the center of the far wall.  It's large enough to showcase a rotating show-
room automobile and I wonder why it's there. I search for exits and discover a
door set at the far left corner of the chamber.
 "Hold on to your butts." Leroy says, having instincts about an impending
boss fight mirroring my own.
 I reaffirm his call by saying, "All in."
 As soon as we set foot in the purple room the floor starts shaking.  It's not
hard to keep our balance, but it sets ou r senses on edge. As it turns out, the
pedestal isn't a pedestal so much as it is  the opening of a well, or a wall around a
pit leading deeper into the earth. A pair of monstrous clawed hands the size of my
torso grasp either side of the opening, and hefts a moaning hunchbacked body
from the depths of it's hiding place.
 Standing at least sixteen feet tall it  roars from a terrible circular mouth
that looks like a lamprey. The worst part  is that this "Once Man Amalgamation"
named George judging by the name plate, seems to have been pieced together like
Frankenstein's monster. The more my ey es focus, the more I see human faces,
groaning in contortions of  agony, fused into the monster's body.
 "Suggestions?"  Frobod asks.
 Leroy says, "I'm gonna call it a tank  and spank until we have reason to
suspect otherwise. Frobod then Mel off tank if it's needed."
 It's not lost on me that Leroy's givi ng more orders, but that's okay because
he's now tank and it's expected. All I have to add is "Heals and bard stay safe, and
call out if you're in trouble. I don't think this is a vampire." A small blessing, that.
 Leroy rushes in with his shield in front of him, and swings his burning
hammer like a hot meteorite. A flash of di vine light flashes as it makes contact
with George's shin.  It swats him away like a bee, with a gigantic hand attached to
a long arm proportioned more like an ape's than a human's. Leroy soars away
from the group.
 George takes a couple of big stomps to ward us. Frobod tightens his grip on
his sword, but then George stops dead in  its tracks, turns, and begins thundering
toward Leroy. I can only assume he got a successful taunt, as I yell "All in!" and
flick my fiery chakram. It buries itself in the monster's back cutting one of the
moaning faces peaking out of its skin in half.
 Tako and Frobod run to join, and I say to Sajina "Now's a good time to use
your new magic." When he opens up with a volley of  purple mage bolts I shadow
step behind George, and deliver the old one two to his rear leg tendon. Flash!
BANG!  George howls in pain, though his he alth is still at 90%.  He  stomps his
foot, I dart safely out of the way,  and  Leroy brings his hammer down on one of
the monster's toes.
 "Hot foot!"  Tako says with a laugh.
 I roll my eyes.  Frobod lands a blow with his great sword and the monster
starts kicking in all directions.  Both he and Tako are knocked into one of the
statues resulting in damage. When Frobod in his plate missiles into the statuary,
a hooded figure's head breaks off and rolls across the floor.
 The boys flicker with golden light as  Pahrem is fast on her heals. Leroy
now holds George's attention as it smashes his fists down on top of him. He's still
over eighty percent, so I trust he knows what he's doing. I follow up with another
f l u r r y  o f  p u n c h e s  t o  t h e  b a c k  o f  G e o r g e ' s  l e g ,  w h i c h  r e s u l t s  i n  m o r e  o f  h i s
stomping and kicking every which direction.   This time he connects, and now I'm
flying fifteen feet into a wall.
 Vent meter up to forty percent.




 "Oof!"  It knocks the wind out of me. A few seconds later I say, "Ranged
DPS! He knocks back every time you engage from behind." and launch my
chakram which has reformed at my belt. It moves through the air like a flying
saucer, as another clawed hand comes down  hard on Leroy's shield.  Sajina sends
another volley of mage bolts into George 's back and Tako has since hot-swapped
his bow and arrow.
 One of the faces on George's back moans "Kill me! Kill me please!"  Tako
hits it between the eyes with an arrow. Could that be the secr et of this boss?
Another face sobs, "I don't want to live ! "  S o  I  b i s e c t  i t  w i t h  a n o t h e r  t h r o w n
chakram.  George roars in pain.  His health is all the wa y down to sixty percent.  I
can't help but notice that it drops a lot faster while we're attacking from afar.
 I shout, "Try to hit the faces!" An other CLACK sounds as George's nails
smash against Leroy's shield.
 A face on George's side sobs, "Please help me die." Tako hits it in the nose
with an arrow.
 George is down 40%, occasional flas hes of bright light spring up from
where Leroy's smashing his hammer into  George, and the monster continues his
attempts to hit him. I say, "I think that 's all the faces on the back." then yell,
"Leroy, try to turn him so we can see th e front!" He doesn't say anything in
acknowledgement, though he does begin to move, slowly, between each of the
monster's blows.  As soon as one of the frontal faces becomes visible I slice it with
a thrown chakram.
 Sajina opens fire agai n with his low level magi c sending arcs of color
through the air. I'd be surprised if the lo w level spells are doing any damage to a
boss like this,  but I'm glad to see that he feels like he's making a difference.
 Tako takes out another face with a well placed shot, and Frobod looses a
volley of dark necro bolts. George health: 20%. Leroy groans as he's bashed with
another hit, he's down to forty percent b ut then his health jumps right back up to
eighty thanks to Pahrem.
 The final face on George's chest shouts "Kill meeeeee!" and I hurl a
chakram right into it. George health: 10%.  It silences abruptly, but the desperate
cry is replaced  by a terrifying bellow from the lamprey mouth that shakes the
walls of the entire dungeon.
 "ROAAAAARRRRRRRR!"
 Faster than I thought possible for a creature this size, George scoops up
the tank in one hand, and fastball pitches him into a statue.  It breaks apart, and
Leroy's dazed.  It runs at us, reaches o ut, and takes me and Ta ko in two separate
hands.  The monster smashes us together in a violent clap between his palms and
then discards us on the floor. My health  drops forty percent. Tako's dead. I'm
hobbled in a broken pile of my injured self on the cold floor tiles. Pahrem and
Sajina run, but Frobod's not so lucky as the boss scoops him up, and then super-
bowl spikes him into the ground.
 My heart is thumping fast in my  ears. Rump bump-bump bump-thump
thump-bump!  Son of a shitty fick! Rage vent up to eighty percent.



 Fortunately, Leroy's getting back to his feet, though he's only at 50%
health.  He shout's "Hey!" George gives up pursuit of the final two party members,
and rushes at him. Taunt successful.
 I burn sixty percent of that eighty into first doubling, then tripling the
speed of my aggressive actions for th e next three seconds. I'm charging the
amalgamation in a blur of fur, leap into the air, and pound it with a flying kick.
Holy light explodes from beneath my boot. This time the boss doesn't stop to kick
so I'm hoping it's now safe for melee DPS.   I've still got one more attack, before
my speed lurches back to normal, so I follo w the kick up with a pair of open claw
swipes that zap him with electric ity, and crack with a sonic BOOM. Five percent
remaining.



 Rage is now under control. I say "P ahrem, heals!" I do a backward walk
over to put distance between me and the boss and I throw my Chakram hoping to
get a shot on George's ugly face.. It hits him in the side of the head slicing off a
malformed ear. I clarify for our healer, "He's not coming at you anymore!"
 Frobod stumbles to his feet and lets loose another necro bolt.  It crashes
into George's side.
 Leroy smashes the monster foot agai n at the same time as Pahrem
enshrouds him in golden healing light.  His health creeps higher.
 "Go! Go! Go!"  I cheer and rush in fo r another attack.  My fist crashes into
the back of the monster's leg, and I don't even have a chance to deliver my follow-
up strike because the giant falls backward  onto the stone howling something that
sounds like "Groooooo!"  No idea if that was supposed to be a word.
 I breathe heavily. Now that we're out of combat, my health begins to creep
back up as my internal injuries begin mending themselves. One benefit of playing
a were that I'd forgotten was that outside of combat, they heal insanely fast.
 Frobod says, "Someone raise Tako. Kid's always dying."
 Pahrem says, "I'm on it." as she begins waving her long green fingers and
channeling her resurrection spell.  The longer she does, the brighter her hands
begin to glow with white gold magic. An apparition like a grim reaper with angel
wings appears over Tako's corpse, touches his face with a skeletal hand, and then
vanishes.
 Tako coughs.
 Leroy says, "That guy was a bitch.  Hits like a truck.  Good call on that face
thing."
 "Yeah, thanks."  I say, now almost fully recovered.
 The boss despawns leaving a treasure ch est in its place at the same time as
Tako is brought back from the dead. I' m surprised to see that there are also
fifteen translucent men and woman where George was laying wearing Freeworld
clothing, modern compared to Haven fantasy garb.
 At first they look around bewildered, but then recognize our party.  A ghost
woman reaches for my face, though she stands some six feet away and says
"Thank you."
 A man with a white Santa Claus bear d also says, "Thank you." and bows
his head. "We owe you our lives." He laug hs, uneasily. "Well, perhaps not those,
but our freedom. Thank you for setting us free."
 Once his health is up to 100%, Tako opens the chest.

Low Hades Garb of the Invoker
Type:                                                   Cloth
Slot:                                       Chest
Quality:                                                                    Epic
Equipped Bonus:
Intellect + 3, Stamina + 3
Special Properties:
 Reset... Reset!: Once per hour one of your spells, or
special abilities that is cu rrently on cooldown becomes
instantly available. If the spell or ability is used again
within three minutes of using Reset... Reset!   it costs
zero manna to cast.


Low Hades Garb of the Healer
Type:                                                   Cloth
Slot:                                       Chest
Quality:                                                                    Epic
Equipped Bonus:
Intellect + 3, Stamina + 3
Special Properties:
  Your healing spells are 10% more effective.
  In Dire Need:  Once every 30 minutes  the efficacy of
spells and abilities that re store health is increased by
50% (rounded up).  Lasts for one minute.

 Tako says, "Double caster robes. I pass."
 Frobod says, "Pass."
 Leroy says, "Pass."
 Pahrem says, "The healer robes are be tter than what I've got, so I'll take
em'.  That Reset-Reset thing would be ni ce for resurrections, but I'd rather have
that bonus healing so you scrubs don't die in the first place."
 Leroy says, "Give the other one to the Gargoyle. The extra intel should help
with his manna so he can cast more."
 Sajina says, "Are you sure?"
 L e r o y  s a y s ,  " F o r  n o w  y o u ' r e  l e a r n i n g  t o  b e  a  m a g e ,  s o  t a k e  e m  i f  n o  o n e
wants them. They're a hell of a lot better th an most people's first caster gear. We
really need to find you a trainer for ch arismatic casting so you can make use of
your  Charisma rating."
 I say, "I don't need them. I have a caster set from my alt, and that's not
how I've been playing lately."
 Pahrem auto-equips her new gear using her VT.  As it turns out, like the
souls released from George's body, the Low Hades Garb of the Mender is semi-
modern—a long black knitted cardigan wi th a fantasy cloak style hood covering a
skin tight t-shirt. When Pahrem lifts the hood, her bat-like ears stick out from
underneath, and her face is replaced by a nimbus of swirling white and silver
light with a pair of black dots for eyes.  Interesting effect.
 I look to Sajina and say "Try yo urs on." and he does. One of the
peculiarities of the Gargoyle race seems to be that any armor equipped
immediately takes on the texture and coloration of stone, so Sajina's brown
cardigan quickly camouflages to match his granite skin.
 " T r y  t h e  h o o d . "  I  s a y ,  a n d  w h e n  h e  raises it, his face becomes a swirling
orb of light and dark crimson, with two little circles where his eyes should be.   He
lowers it again, preferring his normal face, and I say "Lookin' good. Stone man."
  The ghosts are still lingering about the chamber as if waiting for something
to happen when I motion to the door to th e left and say, "There's the exit." I look
to the ghosts and say "Good luck in your afterlife."
 The Santa Claus man says, "We are forever grateful."
 Thinking of our quest, I add "Are any of you named Zan?" I'm not hopeful
since none of the ghosts have half-elven features.
 "Zan?" The man with the beard asks .  "I .. we don't know a Zan."
 The woman who first spoke to me says , "Of course we do. He's the new one
with the master. Funny ears like that one over there?" She indicates Tako.
 I say, "Yes."
 "That's Zan?" The old man asks. "If th at's who you're here for you'd better
hurry. So far as I know he's still alive, b ut there's no guarantees when you're here
with vampires."
 Just to be sure I take out the seekin g stone and note that it's still tugging
deeper into the dungeon. Through a wall to  be exact, but the closest door is the
exit I noted before.
 The room darkens as if we're standing  in the shadow of a dragon, then the
absence of light condenses into an intens e silhouette, like black paint, in the
s h a p e  o f  a  m a n  o n  t h e  w a l l .  I t ' s  h a r d  t o  make out the details given that it is a
shadow, but I know at least he's a slim man with a wide brimmed hat. From there
he could be anything from a 1900s train robber to one of the Men in Black. When
he speaks however, his haunting melodious voice resonates throughout the crypt.
 "Visitors? So nice for the living to join us, though you shouldn't have killed
George. You have no idea how long it ta kes to make one of those and Hades is
short on building materials." The shadow rubs it's chin pensively. "Tell me, would
you like to become another George, or something else? I do appreciate a hot meal.
Oh! I know." The shadow claps its hands, though the gesture makes no sound.
"Surprise me. If we meet face to face again I may keep you around."
 The figure spreads it's fingers, and th en raises them up as if lifting an
invisible body.  The ground trembles, and st ones begin to crack with bits of rock
scattering on the floor. One of the hooded  figures leaps off its pedestal with two
feet, then another, and another. Crap! I knew this wo uld happen! Never trust
human shaped decor!
 All together there are 13 stone figu res animated in the room, with two
having been destroyed in combat with George.  They kneel before the shadow on
the wall.
 I say, "Pro tip for your vid, Leroy. Make sure to wreck the statuary while
fighting the boss!"
 He shrugs, and spins his sword in hi s attack hand preparing for another
battle. "Too late now."
 Pahrem says, "Woulda shoulda coulda and that shit."
 I call out, "Get ready." There's no way in hell the door's unlocked.
  The shadow, now speaking to it's ne w minions, "Bring these to me when
they are bested. Quickly before the blood goes cold."
 "They shant be fightin' alone!" Says a lumberjack looking man among the
ghosts. He has a mighty bushy red beard, intense blue eyes, a red flannel and an
Irish accent. "We've got a debt to settle, and I for one, intend to repay it."
 "Yeah!" The chorus of ghosts answers, as they all equip weapons as if from
player inventories. The Lumberjack man hefts a two handed hammer, perfect for
busting apart stones, whereas others wield other blunt weapons like maces, heavy
clubs, and more hammers.
 The animated statues stand, robotically.  I don't get the impression there's
much personality in them. They turn as on e to face our group like a well drilled
army. The shadow slips down the wall, gl ides over the surface of the floor, and
escapes beneath the door making the exit.
 Lumberjack shouts "Charge!"  as he rushes the nearest statue to him with
his great hammer.  It makes a solid KACK sound as it abuses the statue's chest. It
turns to return the attack, now wielding a stone dagger I hadn't seen before. It
nicks the ghost man, but Lumberjack is ab le to get in another shot which breaks
his attacker's arm off at the shoulder.
 Leroy smacks his burning hammer against his shield and a good half of the
stone warriors turn to him. The rest fight one on one, and in some cases one vs.
two against ghostly apparitions. A transp arent domestic woman in a simple, drab
dress, and a brown apron wields a hammer in one hand and a rolling pin in the
other. She beats against a hooded stone figure with the roller, then with the
hammer in a way I wouldn't think she could. Little flecks of rock fly off the
statue's body.  Her opponent comes in for a strike, but the ghost lady dips out of
the way and knocks it in the forehead with the roller. Her weapon doesn't break,
so it must be one of those fancy stone ones.
 In another skirmish, Santa man hefts a two handed mallet and crashes it
down on a statue's collar. He takes a wo und from a stone knife, but that doesn't
seem to hurt the ghost's resolve as he ba cks off a few steps, and then comes in for
another strong hit to the same spot causin g part of the face to break off, and the
now inanimate limb to clunk against the floor.
 For the second time this journey, I fi nd myself wishing for an AoE damage
caster like the gnome Laurelade to blow th em all up at once, but these ghosts are
holding their own.
 Now it's my turn.
 I move in on one of the ones approa ching Leroy with a flurry of claw
attacks. KA-POW! BAM! Flash of lightning. Ear splitting thunder. Chunks of
stone fall from the statue's mid section.  I'm thankful for my unarmed abilities
which nullify the effects of attacking metal and stone with my bare hands.
Otherwise, my knuckles would be bloody, and I may be doing as much damage to
myself as my opponents.
 Sajina blasts my target with a bunch of mage bolts and causes more cracks
to appear.  I deliver a killi ng blow with a hook kick which knocks the head clean
off its body.
 A burst of holy light surrounds Lero y, leaving me to see spots for a few
seconds but stunning all opponents within a radius.  That's my cue to body check
the next one hoping to knock it to the floor. It doesn't work, but then Frobod
shows up right behind me and does the sa me sending it crashing to the floor. A
leg breaks off, but he's not using his sword. Probably afraid of a nasty repair bill.
At least this one won't be chasing us when it's unstunned.
 I call, "Pahrem? You got anything explosive?"
 I hear her give a quiet "Uhmmm... " followed by a much louder "Maybe!
Give me a sec."
 Leroy gives the slightest nod to show that he's aware that there will be no
heals for a few seconds as he smashes a statue with his hammer, causing it to
explode as if the weapon had been tipped with dynamite. Just as the statues start
to move again he unleashes another AoE stun.
 "Frobod, Tako! Knock em down. Try to make a pile!"
  Frobod and I slam the next closest one together sending it to the floor,
and then the next trying to angle our blows so they land on each other kriss cross
like logs in a fire.  Tako groans as he pushes one toward us... it teeters, and then
just barely falls over.  These things are heavy.
 "Pahrem calls G'nade incoming!" and we all back off, including Leroy.  Her
little bauble, filled with yellow energy lands right beneath the pile.  Three... Two...
One... One of the downed statues begins to move pushing itself up, and then
BOOM Pahrem's projectile bursts with what  seems like at least half the force of a
real world grenade. Bits of rock go ev erywhere, some of those that were still
standing collapse and the statues we toppled move no more.
 We're now down to eight opponent s between the statues surrounding
Leroy and those fighting the ghosts.  Sajina continues to hammer the statues with
low level arcane energy, and I engage with more unarmed attacks.  Frobod says,
"I'm going to join the gargoyle, and dips out of melee range.
 All in all, while busy with stone, adventurer, and ghost bodies, it's not
much of a fight compared to George. No DPS are ever struck, and Leroy only
requires one heal. When the last statue crashes to the ground the guy who looks
like Santa says, "You go rescue your frie nd. We'll check the way out to make sure
more of these statues don't come to life."
 I ask "Are you goin g to be okay?"
 He salutes.  "We've got this.  Go gi ve that fanger what's coming to him!"
 As soon as he finishes talking, a lo ud clicking sound fills the room and the
door swings open, as if destroying th e soldiers triggered a hidden unlocking
mechanism.
 "Sounds like a plan."  I say.  "And thank you."
 "No, thank you." He says. "After this, we all have dates with the
immigration office of Low Hades."
 That gives me a chuckle, having live d in foreign countries during my adult
life. It's just like Freeworld, being more  closely related to our own, to require
their  newly dead to register as immigrants in the afterlife.
 True to form, Tako inspects the loot, and is disappointed to say "Just a
bunch of stone. Not even valuable ones."
 Pahrem looks over the fallen bodies t oo and says, "I might be able to use
some of this to make blasting powder.  I'll take it all if no one wants it."
 "Have at it." I say, as the crafting  material disappears into our goblin's
inventory.
 Beyond the door is a long empty corridor painted in ambient red light
that's much the same as when we entered  the dungeon. I say, "Leroy, you want to
take point?"
 He nods, and steps through the door. It's a good thing for my suggestion
because a few steps into the hall a click sounds, and a stone the size of a small
pumpkin comes hurling at us. I instinctivel y duck, but Leroy raises his shield. It
hits with a loud CRACK which forces th e tank to stagger back. He lowers his
shield to have a look, and discovers a sizable dent from the rock's impact.
 "Traps." I say. "Super."
 Tako says, "I can try to disarm them."
 Leroy shakes his head. "I'll just powe r through and set them all off. I doubt
I'll die.  Everyone stay here."
 "Err... Okay."
 It's impressive to see how fast Leroy can run with his big shield and all that
armor.  A burst of fire erupts down the hall, but doesn't seem to connect, then I
see a splash of what is surely acid. Leroy' s health drops by twenty percent, as he
calls back "I'm good!" and chugs a health potion. A few steps later spikes fall from
the ceiling and finally a metallic SNAP sounds  from ahead.  It's hard to see Leroy
from this distance when he calls back "Come on ahead! That should be all of
them."
 Leroy holds a bear trap attached to a ch ain in his fist and holds it out to us.
"Maybe one of you can reuse or repurpose?"
 "I can." Tako says, and reaches out hi s hand. "Don't have many traps in my
collection."
 "Well, here you go." Leroy hands it over.
 There's a flight of narrow stairs that  perfectly align with where the seeking
stone's telling us to go. Leroy begins his descent. We come out on top of a ring
shaped platform overlooking what reminds me  of a cage fighting pit, only instead
of a cage the walls are solid stone. Bestial snarling sounds from within. I peek
over the edge to see at least 10 bare backed, half naked starving vampire bodies
milling about and making noises at each other. One of them sniffs the air and
looks up at us, hisses from a dirty mouth, and tries to leap out of the pit. It
doesn't work, as his jump is about six feet too short, and a magical barrier
shimmers at the height of his ascent.  I'm pretty sure that's as much to stop them
from getting out as it is us from throwing things in.
 Taking in the environment, there ar e two iron doors in the pit.  One
leading in from another narrow flight of stairs that start near us on the platform,
and another exiting to who knows where.
 Frobod asks,  "What do you think?"
 Leroy says, "Normally I'd say we should  try to pull em out one or two at a
time, but...." his voice takes on a mischievous tone."
 I say, "If we had AoE CC, we could lock them all down and run through, or
crowd control three quarters of them and open the door to drag out the rest."
 "Yeah..." Leroy says. "I'm sure that's  how most people will do it, but for
you, I've got another idea." Judging by the mirth in his voice I don't know if I like
where this is going. "Pahrem, how many of those bomb things do you have?"
 She answers, "They're called g'nades! ...and I have plenty. 'been grinding
my skill before this."
 "We could throw the g'nades down from  here?" I say hopefully, not really
expecting it to work. It'd be too easy if  that magical shimmer only blocked objects
from passing through one way.
 "Yeah.." Leroy says, "We could try that... Doubt it'd work, but remember
what I said when I taught you the Aegis skill?"
 "Uh oh..."  I say.
 Tako says, "What is it?"
 I say, "He wants to make a spectacu lar video of me blowing myself up."
 Leroy says, "Give the lady a cigar! If we tied a bit of crafting thread to a
bunch of those pins and pulled them all at once... She could jump down or go
through the door and BOOM!"
 Pahrem cackles.  "I love it."
 I say, "You're supposed to be on my side here."
 Leroy says, "Call it payment for le arning such an awesome ability."
 I grumble. "I thought you being here was payment."
 Leroy says in imitation of a sleazy Hollywood executive, "It's all cool baby,
I'm gonna make you a star!"
 I sigh, resigning myself to this. I guess It'll be nice to test the new skill.
Pahrem's already setting out different colored globes filled with burping goop, or
magical energy.  I close my eyes and take deep breaths to vent some of that rage
that's bubbling up. I try to put all my mind 's focus in to the palms of my hands.
It's an effort, but I slowly begin to feel my body relax, and my heart begin to calm.

Eutone
Perception + Meditation. Success!
(Caliber of Success: 4)
"I can feel it tingling."

Meditation skill increased by 1. Current level: 2

 Sajina says, "It's gonna be like Holi!"
 "Holi?" Frobod asks.
 Pahrem says, "Ya know, that Indian festival where they throw colors all
over each other."
 I say, "Yeah, and now she wants to paint me the color of spring."
 Pahrem laughs, a little too excited if you ask me. "Just like that if  those
colors were designed to blow you up, melt yo ur face off, and set you on fire all at
the same time!"
 Grumbling, I say "I can't tell you ho w much I'm looking forward to this."
 Leroy says, "Oh come on, it'll be fun. It's not like you'll die, and if you do...
I've got a res."
  "Fine... Fine." I say, "Wha t do you have in mind?"
 "Alright." Pahrem says, "Now we're talkin! Hey Jensen, you got craftin'
thread?"
 "I have better!" He says, grinning, an d passes her a spool of clear string.
"Fishing line!"
 Pahrem says.  "Hold this."  She hands me a bubble filled with bright yellow
liquid at the time. "This." She hands me a red one.  "This..."  The next one is green.
 Frobod asks, "Is there any way to just stick them to her?"
 I give him a suffering look as if to say "Aren't any of you going to support
me?"   He just shrugs.
 Tako says,  "I've got a vendor trash belt."
 "Give it here." Pahrem says, extend ing her big green hand. She cinches it
around my body, not too tight, and then begins tucking brightly colored
containers of alchemical death against me. Goblin ingenuity. They have a racial
bonus for war tinkering, aka engineering, jury-rigging and destructive alchemy.  I
don't know whether to feel like a Christmas tree, or a mad bomber.
 "Perfect!"  she says and begins tying th reads to each of the detonation pins.
"Okay here's what you do." Setting at least eight lengths of tied off fishing line in
my palm. "Go down the stairs, or try your  shadow step thing to surprise em'...
Then yank em' out!"
 "Really?"  I say in mock excitement.  I act as if I'm about to pull the pins.
"Pull this, and then go visit the vampires. Right?"
 "Nooooo!" Pahrem says. "Go down and THEN pull them. Ya wanna kill us
or somethin'?"
 Now, in a much flatter tone I say,  "I've got that. Sarcasm." I pause and
shake my head having thought it was obvious. "Sarcasm."
 Leroy stands at the edge of the pit looking down, and says "I'm recording
the whole thing. I'm good when your ready!"
 I step beside him, take a deep breath, and say "You're welcome."
 In spite of this bit of fun they're ha ving at my expense I decide to shadow
step down rather than risking opening th e door and having all the vampires rush
out. If anyone dies, it'll just be me.
 Leroy says "Everyone else get to the d oor in case the goblin's stuff doesn't
cover it."
 "It will!"  She says, in a tone of mock offense.
 I take another deep breath. I didn't get all dressed up for nothing, and hiss
"Let's go!"

Shadow Step (Rank 5) - Success!

 I appear in the shadow of the psychotic vampire that tried to leap out of
the pit. It's surprised at first, but then  snarls and reaches out both hands in an
attempt to grab me. I side step, and bump into another vamp just behind me.  It
turns and this time manages to clinch  my left arm. Now the other half mad
starving vamps have been al erted to my presence and it's a full on fangy , gropey,
bitey dog pile of ugly.
 A  n e w  v a m p  w r a p s  i t ' s  a r m s  a r o u n d  m y  b o d y  a n d  t r i e s  t o  s i n k  i t ' s  t e e t h
into my collar. My health drops. ninety percent... seventy percent... sixty percent
remaining as I don't fight back beyond tryi ng to keep a single arm free, and each
and every one of these long tooth bastards wants a taste of me.  My vision starts
to turn red, though I'm doing my damn dest to resist the Blood Rage with
meditation. Breathe in, breathe out. Focus on your little finger. Breathe in.
Breathe out.  Calm your heart.  There's no need to see red.
 Some of the vampires moan in pain as tainted blood spills from their lips.
It sizzles through their body, but their st arving so even bad blood is better than
none. I forgot Rodekin blood was poisonous.  Their health begins to trickle away
without me having to land even a single attack.
 I feel a nasty sting as yet another vampire pierces the skin under my
armpit with its fangs. I shout, "Fuck yo u!" and smash my elbow into its  nose. I
jerk my fist full of fishing line. Every one of Pahrem's pins come lose.
 BOOM!   The first blast is a lot like th e last ones we used on the stone men,
and three vampires touching me go to bits . There's no way to avoid friendly fire
on this one, and my health drops to thirty percent.
 This just clears a way for new blood crazed vamps to sink their teeth into
me, as yet another hisses, snarls, and silenc es as it takes a  bi te.  My health drops
to twenty.
 A raven caws and circles overhead . I suddenly remember the were's
promise to obliterate us if we fed the undead. Not now.  I think. She's got to
realize these monsters are doomed.  When the raven caws again, I become uneasy.

Endurance skill increased by one. Current level 14.

 My health drops to ten percent under the fanger's relentless attacks when
suddenly...  BANG a flash of red blosso ms in my face and there's vampiric
shrieking. POP! A flash of yellow. Heal th down to ten percent. POP-sizzle...
Caustic green jelly flies everywhere me lting hideous undead faces. Chemical
smoke sputters and rises off their burning bo dies.  I, on the other hand, feel like I
not only have a nasty sunburn, but a bunc h of dickheads at the beach are playing
some kind of slap the red girl game.

Aegis.
Do you wish to use Aegis to negate this fatal damage?  You will become
immune to all damage for 20 seconds.  Warning: Aegis cannot be used
again for 7 days.
3....
2...
 I quickly choose yes. My skin shimmers like mercury as I no longer feel the
pain of any of the attacks. Bang! An explos ion sends a bust of liquid fire into the
vampires around me.  Many are on already flaming, flailing,  fleeing mindlessly
 My heart is beating in my ears.  Tump bump thump bump thump bump
bump bump!



 In spite of my invulnerability, and ea rlier attempts at meditation. my vent
meter's all the way in the red du e to everything attacking me. Fuck. All the
vampires are splotches of burgundy over a back drop of red.  A figure lunges at
me at the same time as I lunge for it so mething bursts off my chest and my would
be prey liquefies under a g'nade's force. Other figures, thoroughly burning
collapse and turn to ash. I leap on one of the few that are still standing, raking
with my claws while it tries to sink it's teeth into me, but my skin's impenetrable.
I scratch and rend with my supernaturally potent were rat claws until it drops in
a pile of ash.
 I jump on the back of the nearest sh ape to me, but it crumples under my
weight, as it had already been burning.  My vision starts to return to normal.  One
more vamp, down to twenty percent health.  I rush in with a punch to the gut. It
flashes blue-white storm light.  I hit it with my left.  Thunder cracks.  My ears ring.
It drops to the floor unmoving. I pull o ut my Darksteel Chakram, still enchanted
with Lesser Elemental Weapon - Fire, and spik e it right into the monster's chest.
It explodes into ash.
 My breath draws heavily in my ears.  My health's down to thirty percent.
The door with the stairs leading up re luctantly opens. Pahrem waddles in. The
metallic look of the Aegis spell fades, an d I'm left with just my bleeding, furry,
were-rat body. I say, "A little help pl ease?" Noting the constellation of two
pronged vampire bites decorating my skin.
 "You're not gonna eat me?" Pahrem as ks, and begins waving her hands to
cast a heal. A halo of mending gold pops into being around me. The sore
wounded muscle, and raw sunburn sensations on my skin fade like memories
until all my wounds are repaired.
 I say, "Let's not do that again."
 Tako comes in behind her and says , "That... was... AWESOME! Wait until
you see the replay.  Like, five of them we re just demolished after the second burst.
I bet you didn't even see it since you were wrestling with the ones that were trying
to bite you!"
 I kick a big pile of ash on the floor , scattering it across the stone, and
grumble, "They were biting me.  I was trying to keep myself calm so I wouldn't fly
into the blood rage."
 "Oh..." Tako says. "Good job with that."



 Vent meter rising. "Go eat a dick." And now down to manageable.



 Tako says, "You don't gotta be rude about it."
 I snap. "Bite me."
 Leroy taps his temple. "He's right. This  is hot footage, plus we got to see
you do that psycho rat thing again. A lo t of my viewers never played Freeworld
Online so it's even better!"
 I dangle the seeking stone arrowhead on a string... It indicates we should
open the other door. I could have guessed that. "I'll just be glad when I can go
b a c k  t o  m y  n o r m a l  b o d y .  I  h a t e  s e e i n g  t h i n g s  i n  s h a d e s  o f  r e d ,  a n d  h a v i n g  t o
worry about friendly fire."
 Normal body. We've been in this game so long that some how half-elven
Melpomine is what I've come to think of  as myself, instead of my human meat
suit in whatever set up keeps my heart be ating. It gives me a chill that makes my
breath shaky.
 Frobod asks, "Did these guys drop anything?"
 Tako says, "Regular coins and a bunch of vendor trash."
 I say, "Just hold on to it for now. We'll split it up later."
 The next gate creeks open. I look to Leroy and say, "Okay tank. You take
the lead."
 He nods and advances down another flight of stairs through a narrow
passage.  The bottom is a crossroad.  On e path leading ahead, and two hallways
going right and left.   The seeking stone tells me Zan's straight ahead.
 Leroy says, "Ordinarily I'd suggest a full clear. I'll bet there are bosses on
either side."
 "No time." Tako says. "We've got to get back to town ASAP for the turn in
so we can get the train quest."
 "I agree." I say, leaving off the part about being eager to get rid of the
seeking stone spell, and thus the wererat alia s. "Sorry if it's not good for ratings,
but we're only here to rescue Mirae."
 Frobod says, "You're giving them a tast e of this place, plus a look at the
Shroudmoon Express.  You're actually delivering more content."
 Leroy holds his hands up in placation.   "You don't have to convince me.
We might still be able to catch the train wi th a full clear, but I'd rather have more
time."
 I say, "I also have a nightly ritual I have to do so.. yeah.  There's that."
 Leroy says, "Full steam ahead then."
 I answer, "Lead the way."
 This section of Ashfall Crypt feels less  like a crypt and more like a castle.
Shielded torches flicker on the wall, and every few paces there are colorful
tapestries depicting battles, horses, or re ligious rights. One in particular catches
my eye as it depicts a pallid man bleed ing into a bowl from which a servant
should drink. Vampires. It all feels so... lived in.
 A warm light shines at the end of th is corridor opening on a larger room.
Fast footsteps run up behind us.  Tako shouts, "Incoming!"

Shadow Step (Rank 5) - Success!

 I disappear from my current location, and reappear directly behind a
hunched creature with protuberant amphib ian eyes, long clawed fingers, and a
human torso. A violent barbed tail whip s behind it like a raptor. My breath
catches. This is my baby.   It's the first time since being locked in game that I've
encountered one of my own monstrous crea tions. My surprise causes me to lose
focus as the creature makes a lunge for Pahrem who'd been bringing up the rear.
 That snaps me out of my daze, as I call "Once man!" and then in a softer
voice "Sorry Pahrem." as it connects with it's first attack, dropping her health by
thirty percent. KA-CRAK! POW! I claw the creature in it's rear flank delivering a
flash of lightning, and then hammer it in the ribs with my left fist.  I snarl, "Come
meet your maker!"

Taunt. Successful.
Once man attacks.

 I slip out of the way of a wicked claw . A quiet part of me fantasizes about
the monster turning to see me, some how recognizing my face, and then backing
off the attack, perhaps even joining our ca use. No such luck. It opens it's mouth
and launches a froglike tongue at my face. I catch it mid air, pull down, and reach
for my Darksteel Chakram so I can cut it.  It cauterizes as I sever, and I toss the
squishy length of pink flesh to the floor.
 Bastard!
 I taunt. "I made you.  I know all your tricks."
 The once man's hips sashay, and that evil razor tail whips around seeking
flesh.  I duck, and it bashes into the cold brick wall.  Not this time.
 More footsteps, two more once men emerge in the corridor from whence
we came. I shout "Leroy!"  Not wanting to risk going into tank mode and savaging
everyone.
 "I'm on it!" He raises his burning hammer high into the air and calls out
"Leeeerooooooooooyyyyyyy Jeeeeennnnnnssssssseeeeennn!" his signature move.
He shoulders Sajina out of the way, and rushes right past Pahrem to meet the
new attackers. Even I'm knocked back ag ainst the wall as he smashes my once
man in the face with his ha mmer, unleashing a flash of holy light, and keeps on
moving.  The man's like a super hero.
 Instead of turning it's wrath back on  me the once man I was hitting turns
tail and chases Leroy. The paladin freight train smashes the new once man on the
left with his shield, spins his hammer, and knocks the other in the chest filling the
hall with another explosion of brilliant white.
 "All in!" I say and throw my Darksteel Chakram at my original target.
Sajina opens up with a volley of mage bo lts on the one Leroy last smashed with
his hammer, and Frobod unleashes a bolt of necromantic energy before rushing
in with his sword in a valiant charge . My eyes meet Tako's, he shrugs, and
shadow steps behind Frobod and Sajina's target, meanwhile Pahrem waves her
hands, takes on a golden halo and brings her health back up to full.
 I'm not the best ranged attacker, but I don't want to leave Pahrem and
Sajina on their own in case there's anot her surprise attack, so as soon as my
chakram reforms, it's spinning down the ha llway and ripping into once man flesh.
Leroy's doing a good job of holding the three attackers together, while Tako and
Frobod cut into them from the sides. Sajina raises his hand, and casts another
series of basic mage bolts.
 It's calmer back here than in the thic k of the battle.   I toss another burning
chakram, and say "How's that magic coming?"
 Sajina says, "I'm doing okay but the damage isn't as good as yours and I
keep running out of manna."
 Pahrem waves her hand, and a bubble of healing gold appears around
Leroy.  It rains ethereal specks down on his head like ghostly glitter.
 I say, "Sorry about that. You could always try putting a sword in your
hand."
 Sajina says, "I prefer to be out of harms way."
 I throw my Chakram again. A Once man goes down.  Just two more, but
their attacks are swift and they're giving  Leroy a good run for his money.  A
barbed tail smashes him in the face, and his health drops a shocking thirty
percent. They must have put fierce stats on these.  Pahrem fires off another heal.
I don't know whether to be annoyed that they are slowing us down, or proud at
creating such formidable monsters. Part of me wishes I could cast Smite to be
more useful on healer protection duty, but I can't due to my current alias not
being a clergy member.
 "Tell you what." I say to Sajina.  "If Ashe March or wherever we have to go
to board the train,  has a magic trainer I'll help you buy some more spells.  I'd
really like  for you to learn Charismati c casting so you can roll Charisma rather
than intelligence. Lore wise, it means yo u start approaching magic more like art.
The important thing is that there should be some cross over with all those stats
you use to make music."
 Leroy brings down his hammer, and another once man drops in a bloody
heap. Just one more to go and I can see Frobod chopping, beside Leroy, and Tako
needling from behind. My chakram reforms, an d I send it like a fiery guillotine at
it's neck.

CRITICAL HIT
You hit Once Man for 14 damage.
Once man resists 8 points of damage.

Thrown skill increased by 1. Current level: 5.

 It's head flies off its shoulders. Ta ko says "Uggghh!" and his clothes look
bloody, which tells me that he's been pl aying the game on rated R mode, and just
got showered in once man gore. I keep com bat to the PG-13 rating for exactly this
reason. Blood and guts flying around you in combat is distracting.
 As the trio walk back, Leroy says, "Damn, those things pack a punch."
 I nod. "Lore wise, they're fed vampire blood which makes them stronger.
It adds one or more damage you have to re sist to every successful attack that they
don't even have to roll for."
 Tako says, "I thought you said you didn 't know what stats they gave them."
 "I don't." I say, "But th a t ' s  w h a t  h a p p e n s  t o  a l l  l i v i n g  t h i n g s  t h a t  d r i n k
vampire blood, without being drained first."
 Leroy says, "Should we try to just inca pacitate this boss so we can take his
blood?"
 "Eh..."  I'm tempted, given the combat ive benefits but ultimately shake my
head no. "Freeworld's all about cool powers at nasty costs. Drink enough of it,
and the vampire you drank from can start mi nd controlling you, and it's kind of
addictive. Once you're hooked, you start getting debuffs for a while if you don't
get a fix."
 "Ouch." Leroy says. "Alright. We'll just ash him then."
 "Also..." I begin, "I don't know if th e vampire version of that shadow thing
is anything like Shadow Retreat from Haven, but if he does it again, it might be
worth trying to blast it with fire, light and holy magic given Freeworld vampires
fire weakness."
 "Good call." Leroy says.
 Tako says, "Can we just go?"
 I check the seeking stone an d it's leading us directly to the well lit chamber
at the end of the hall.  I say, "Might as well before more once men show up."
 Nothing attacks as we approach. We enter the next room to discover an
antiquated lounge with plush red sofas an d  a  b a r  s t o c k e d  w i t h  w i n e  g l a s s e s .   I
could imagine myself relaxing here for a 1920's costume party if not for the
unconscious hog tied bodies hanging from the ceiling behind the bar counter.
From what I can tell they're all humans in  their undergarments. No boss in sight,
but there is a man bound in chains, sitting on the sofa with slightly pointed ears.
He stares despondently at the floor.
 "Zan?" I ask, he looks up and startles , backing away in so far as his bonds
will allow. It's only then that I rememb er that this is an  NPC, and a Haven
wererat would be ripping him apart just now.
 My rage meter's not high enough for an instant change, so I walk myself
through a slow shift from rat-woman back  to human. My shiny brown hair sinks
back into my skin, which becomes healthy and bright, as my long tail retracts
back into my trousers.  When my face is finally human I ask, "Are you Zan?"
  The man says, "You're not... You're not a monster?"
 I say, "No more than you or any of th ese louts." I motion to the rest of the
party.
 He says, "You've got to go, the mons ter will be coming back. You can't be
here for him to find you."
 Leroy says,  "You still haven't answer ed the lady's question. Are you Zan?"
 "Yes." He says. "Now go. Hurry."
 Leroy says, "Marcy sent us, so you're coming with us."
 I'm suddenly distracted by the seekin g stone in my hand. It glows with
eerie white light, and then erupts in a burst of magical motes which twist and
circle in the air until they settle into th e form of the magpie spirit I bargained
with.
 The magpie caws, "Thus concludes ou r agreement. Lilly of the Rodekin.
Call again if you want to feed me."

You have gained 200 repute with Magpie.
New classification of repute:  Avian.
Avian spirits will be more helpful as your repute increases. Helpful spirits
are more likely to teach new rites and shape changer abilities.

 The Magpie says, "Farewell!" and takes to the air, flapping its wings right
through a wall, disappearing like a phantom.
 "Hold on." I say, "I'm gonna change again. Gotta get rid of the bitch
meter."
 Tako asks, "What's that?"
 As I tap my VT to shift to my Melp omine alias, I say, "The thing that
measures how close I am to ripping out all your throats."
 "Oh..." Tako says.  "There's a bar for that?"
 Streamers of dark color enwrap me since my leathers are black and brown
and both Mel and Lilly were wearing the same gear when last I used them. Zan
looks perplexed as he says "What are you?"
 I cock my head at him. This is the first time any of the Havenfolk have
reacted to my switching aliases besides acknowledging pooled reputations.  Could
it be that Havenfolk getting smarter is a gradual process?
 I say, "For now, I'm a half elf like you." It feels so good to be back in my
home skin. I don't even feel the urge to snap at Tako for asking such an obvious
question.
 I look to the bodies hanging behind the bar.  If this were a normal game
where I could log out any time I wanted, I'd just get on with the quest, but now
that I'm living here, however temporarily, I want to do something for them.  I
look to Pahrem and motion to the helpless humans, and ask "Can you do
anything for them?"
 "The NPCs?"  She asks.
 "Yeah."  I say.  "Leaving them up th ere feels wrong." Zan rattles his chains.
"Tako you try to unlock him.  I'm going to see about the people over there."
 As it turns out, it's just rope that 's binding them; not even magical. Each
has been hoisted into the air via a pulley system which makes it easy enough to
get them back on the ground. I use my chakram to cut through the ropes, but
they're still unconscious.
 Pahrem says, "There's not exactly a 'wake up' spell."
 I say, "Try a normal heal.  If that doesn't work..." I pause considering. "I'll
figure out something."
 Each of the three glows in turn—two me n and a woman. I sigh in relief as I
hear a punished "Ugh.." sounding from the woman, and indistinct groaning from
the men.  My first thought fo r waking them if Pahrem failed had been ice water,
which I don't have. It would have been awkward hitting them with Move Like Ice.
 I kneel down beside the closest body , the woman, and say "You're alright.
Can you walk? We've got to get out of here."
 All three bodies re-ignite with holy  gold, as the woman stammers, "I... I
think so."   The goblin's healing must be doing wonders to ease cramped muscles.
She, and the others struggle to their feet.
 "Are you fae?"  One of the men, named Jason, asks.
 That surprises me.  I haven't heard that term since I last played Freeworld
Online, as "fae" is the catch all Freeworld term for faerie creatures.
 "Ahh..."I say thinking how to answer . "Close enough. We're not in the
Freeworld anymore"
 The woman, named Annette, asks "Where are we?" Then her eyes discover
Pahrem, and she asks "What is that?"
 "She..." I put a lot of weight on that  word. "Is our healer, and I don't have
time to explain. We're in Hades, and a lot of the creatures you'll see are high
fantasy."
 "High Fantasy?"  She asks.
 I say, "Straight out of a Tolkein novel. We're the good guys and trying to
rescue you, so if you can, please try to ta ke things in stride so we can get out of
here before the vampire comes back."
  The other man, silent until now, na med James, says, "I don't know what
these guys are, but they can't be worse th an the fangers. I say we shut up and do
what she says."
 "Thank you." I say, feeling an abrupt se nse of relief.  I look back to Zan and
say, "Tako, how're those shackles coming?"
 He says, "I'm trying. These things are magical and a lot harder than they
look. "
 Frobod asks, "Can we break the chain?"
 " Not easily." I think.
 Pahrem says, "Cut his hands off. It'll be easier." Zan's eyes grow wide in
panic, so she follows, "Relax, I'll put em' back. What kind of scrub healer do you
think I am? No point in rescuing ya if you're just gonna bleed out and die."
 "Errr."  I say.  "Even so that's gonna sp ill a lot of blood if he's not a ghost."
 "So?"  Pahrem says.
 "Vampires..." I say.  "Let's  not ring the dinner bell. "
 "I've got another idea." Leroy says.
 "Thank the gods!"  Zan says.
 Leroy says, "Kneel down and put your hands on the floor."
  Zan complies wearing an expression of gratitude for not losing any body
parts. Leroy says, "What's that?" and poin ts over Zan's shoulder. As soon as the
half elf looks, Leroy brings his hammer down  hard on his fingers.  Zan open's his
mouth to scream, but before he can Le roy's hammer drops again on the other
hand filling the room with a meaty crunch that drives me to wince in sympathy.
 Zan screams, "Ahhhh! You broke my  hands!  You broke my hands."
 Leroy says, "I know. Be still." as he manhandles the half elf.  Like a doctor
explaining exactly what he's doing during a procedure, he says "Shattered thumbs
and hands are a whole lot easier to...." He jerks Zan's hand out of the cuff.  Zan
screams. "Fit through small spaces. Othe r hand now." The half-elf recoils, but
there's not much he can do to escape Leroy's grasp. Still chained with one arm, he
couldn't run if he wanted to.  Zan shrieks as Leroy yanks the left cuff off, and says
"Heals."
 Before Pahrem can begin casting Zan says, "I liked the frelling vampires
better."
 The instant Pahrem's spell takes effect, Leroy says, "Don't be like that.
You're free."
 A golden aura engulfs Zan, and his breathing slows and becomes easier.
Pahrem says, "What did I tell ya? I tell you goblins ain't got no respect."
 I say, "Thanks Pahrem." then look to Zan and say "How do you feel?"
 He hesitates, at first wearing a sheepish expression. Instead of meeting my
gaze, he just stares at his now unshat tered fingers with an expression of
incredulous wonder. "I..."  He begins. "I... feel okay..."
 "Good."  I say, "Now we've got to go. I'm surprised the boss hasn't attacked
yet."
 Leroy asks, "You want to go back on  tank duty, now that you're back to
normal?"
 I  s a y ,  " Y o u  c a n  t a k e  i t  f o r  t h e  r e s t of the run. I'll off-tank guard the
squishies."
 Frobod, largely quiet until now, says "Alright let's move out." and hefts his
greatsword.
 I say, "Alright. Sajina and Pahrem you know the drill.  Zan, Annette, Jason,
James stay close to me and the green girl."
 Jason says, "You have a gargoyle."
 "Ahh.. Yep." I say. "That we do, but I don't own him. In Haven, the place
we came from, they're a proper race, not something you take ownership of."
 As soon as Leroy steps back into  the hall across the threshold a human
sized cylinder of black smoke sails into the chamber like a gaseous rocket.  Boss
time.
 "Oh no, no." A smooth male voice says, the same we encountered while
fighting George. "Stealing? Raiding the kitchen? Have I not been a gracious
host?" The cloud of smoke condenses into a pallid male figure in a dark suit and
wide brimmed fedora that reminds me of a 1920s gangster. A deep red
handkerchief sticking out of his breast pocket evokes though ts of blood.  His
name plate reads 'Dorian.' "I can't very we ll let you make off with all my food can
I, and the elf?  I'm still monitoring him."
 "Monitoring?" I give Zan an inquisitive look. He turns his gaze down and
away.
 "Tell you what." Dorian runs his tong ue over enlarged incisors, and says.
"I'm charitable. Leave the elf and my humans here, and I'll let you leave
unmolested. You can walk out of here free and unharmed. That mess with George
was all a terrible misunderstanding."
 Leroy says, "Not this time. Our buddy  Zan over here has a family to get
back to."
 "Oh!  A family." Dorian says, intrigued.  "Are they like him? Why don't you
invite them? You know what they say. two's a party.  Three's a celebration!"
 I say, "I don't think they say that."
 "Oh, well I do. Especially when it involves..." He licks his lips.  "Interesting
little elves."
 Frobod says, "This guy talk s too much. Can we just..."
 "ASTRAEA SMITE THEE!" Leroy wa ves his burning hammer and calls
down a lance of divine energy. It conne cts with the handkerchief on Dorian's
breast.
 He grunts, "Oof! You just made a big mistake."
 The vampire spreads his arms and fingers wide as if trying to catch a giant
globe falling from the ceiling. Nothing comes, instead smoky tendrils of black
billow out of his palms, mouth and fingertips.
 Leroy rushes in with the charge raising his blazing hammer overhead,
ready to turn the vampire into pulp. He bellows "Leeroooooooyyyy
Jennnnnseeen!" Unfortunately he's not fast enough because before he can close
the distance with Dorian the darkness creeping out of him has condensed into a
murky blackness that distorts sound as if  under water and makes it impossible to
see.  The air is heavy and hard to breathe.
 A blue bar appears at the bottom of my interface "Suffocation."

Suffocation
Resist: Stamina + Endurance
(Caliber of Success: 14)
Success!
You take no damage.

Endurance skill increased by one. Current level 15.

 Woot! Two endurance bumps in one run, and at current level fifteen.
Pahrem's vampire bombs must have done a crap ton of damage to put me on the
cusp of leveling Endurance again so soon.
 ...and well shit.   Leroy and Frobod should be okay, but I'm worried about
Pahrem, and Sajina since I can neither s ee nor hear them. Tako... I can't see him
either, but I give him a fifty-fifty chance of resisting the suffocation effect.
 In party chat I say, "Squishies are you okay?" My own voice is muffled and
far away. I hear some kind of clunking from Leroy's general direction, and hope
that in spite of the obscuring darkness he's managed to find his mark.
 Pahrem responds, "Taking damage!" Her words received, by contrast are
clear as a bell. Party chat sounds don't flow through the physical environment.
They're more like mind voices.
 I spin Bite in my hands looking for inspiration since there's nothing I can
see to attack. It makes satisfying orange, red, and blue circle patterns as it moves.
If only I could attack the darkness. I look down to my left hand and don't see
anything, then to the end of my staff which still glows with smoldering light.
 I look back to where my non-domina nt hand should be and see nothing,
then back to the end of my staff. Why is that? I wave it around  and note that the
blackness feels somehow thinner around it .  I make a wide slow sweep with my
weapon, and realize that I'm burning tunnels through the dark ether around us.
 Using party chat again I say, "Fire kills the darkness! If you're not
attacking the vamp directly move your weapons around."
 Having an idea I hold my Darksteel Ch akram right in front of my face like
I'm about to blow out a flaming campfire marshmallow. I take a step back, sweep
it through the  space my head just occupied, and step back into the hole my
weapon burned away.  The suffocation bar disappears.
 I say, "Once you burn away part of the darkness it sticks so you can get rid
of the suffocation debuff."
 Pahrem calls through party chat, "G'nade incoming!"
 Tako says, "Like any of us can see it."
 A glassy clink sounds from the center  of the room. It sounds a lot farther
than it probably is.  Then another clink sounds, and another. Oh shit.
 I say, "If you heard that, move the opposite direction."
 Leroy says, "I'm clear at the bar I think.  The boss is still on me."
 "Good work." I say, "Keep taunti ng and tanking until we can become
useful."
 WOOSH! A gout of spectacular flame fl ares up to pierce the black some
five or six paces in front of  me. I'm thankful that by th e look of everyone else's
health meters, along the left hand side of my display no one got caught in friendly
fire. After the suffocation damage, a fier y blast might well have ended our less
enduring members.
 FWOOF! The next fiery g'nade goes off, brighter this time and carving a
greater cavern in the dark. When the th ird and final burst erupts, the darkness
spell has been obliterated. I can't tell if this is because it has a limited duration, or
if it automatically dissipates after enough  of it has been eaten by fire.  Little
yellow and blue flames linger, dancing over the floor.
 Pahrem's fast on the heals, as her, Sajina's and Tako's health spring back
to full in bubbles of glimmering gold.
 I say, "Get on the boss. Go go go!"
 Tako shadow steps behind him, and pier ces his suit with his burning blade.
Frobod goes barreling in with his gr eatsword. A powerful CRACK sounds as
Dorian punches Leroy's shield with his bare knuckles leaving a convex dent the
size of a grapefruit. He counter attacks with his hammer and says, "You weren't
kidding about free vamps hitting harder."
 Dorian's health drops to sixty perc ent as soon as Frobod gets another
nasty blow in with his monster sized blad e. Tako takes him down to fifty with
another strike with his dagger. Realistica lly, a blow like Frobod's should have
destroyed an unarmed opponent, but when you're dealing with games and
vampires the laws of physics don't always apply.
 I hurl my burning chakram and Sajina  l a u n c h e s  a  v o l l e y  o f  p u r p l e  m a g e
bolts when the entire room goes faint as  if som eon e h al f tw is ted th e kn ob on  a
dimmer switch.  The light fixtures on the wall and the chandelier casts indistinct
h a l o s  l i k e  l a n t e r n s  i n  f o g .  A t  t h e  s a m e  t i m e ,  D o r i a n ' s  b o d y  c o l l a p s e s  i n t o  a  2 D
shadow on the lounge floor and our ow n shadows grow artificially long and
menacing.
 The boss says, "You cannot kill that which is immortal. You cannot strike
that which has no body."
 In a move straight out of the pages of Peter Pan our own shadows take on a
life of their own, peeling off the floor like ribbons of tape, and leveling shadowy
weapons with inverted fire auras right at  us. I'm quick on the uptake, as I spine
bite, and smash my shadow double in the shoulder. It makes a sound like beating
a pillow, unsatisfying compared to fighti ng flesh and bone. Nevertheless as soon
as bite makes contact electricity jumps from my primary target to Pahrem and
Sajina's shadow doubles so now they are all facing me.
 Leroy calls out, "ASTRAEA SMITE THEE! "   but I can't see his target given
all the shadow bodies around me.
 Using party chat I say, "DPS to me  or Leroy so we can round em' up."
 Shadow Sajina hits me with a trio of mage bolts, but it feels like nothing.
Is their strength determined by our stats?
 Leroy says, "Everyone with fire keep on the boss. Off tank, round up the
shadows!"
 "I'm on it!"  I say, and dip out of the path of a clumsy unarmed strike from
Pahrem's double, and then out of the way of a hit from shadow-Bite. My
Swiftstrike Kicker dodge counter rises.  Ra ther than using Bite to counter attack,
I hurl my Darksteel Chakram at Leroy's do uble since it's the biggest threat. It
connects, the living shadow looks around , then comes charging at me.  Metallic
clanks sound as Frobod and Leroy beat against the floor.  I dip out of the way of
another one of my twin's attacks, an d shadow Pahrem and Sajina's unarmed
strikes are so bad they don't require dodging.
 I then shout "Hey!"  at Tako's  double and spin my staff.

Taunt. Successful.
Shadow Puppet (TakoStar) attacks.

 Great. Just one more to go.
 I perform an improbable acrobatic leap that sends me soaring through the
air as if in lunar gravity. My foot barely clears my shadow self's head and I come
down on the ground behind it, dragging the group of shadow people away from
the vulnerable members of the party.  I smash shadow Leroy's chest with Bite to
build up agro, and electric arcs crawl over its body then jump to the others.
 CRACK.   KLACK..   CUNK.
 Leroy, Frobod, and Tako  smash th e boss's shadow body, and damage the
environment beneath. It tries to evade and run, but every few steps it's
bombarded by a new flurry of strikes. Is that actually working? I spare a glance
for Dorian's shadow body, and am surprised to see it's all the way down to twenty
percent health.
 Frobod's shadow double is about to chop him from behind, but I intercept
it plunging my staff into its flank. Unfort unately I've closed the distance so fast
that the other shadows are out of the area of  effect radius.  No matter, I still have
all their attention so I begin backing in to the far left corner near where Zan was
chained.
 I say, "I've got em' all in the corner. Fi re on boss, everything else on adds."
  Now positioned with my back to  the corner of the chamber, Leroy's
double comes in swinging a powerful hammer that misses by centimeters as I
duck out of the way.  I can't see the rest  of the party because I'm surrounded by a
half circle of shadow doubles.  Shadow Frobod comes in with a ferocious strike,
and I parry with Bite.  I expect a clang, but like making contact with the bodies,
the impact is announced with a muffled poof.
 Now Shadow Me is a part of the ac tion, and nicks me with the shadow
version of my own weapon. At the same time as I feel the ticklish jolt of electricity,
from Shadow Me's strike, a tiny spidery lightning bolt jumps from my boots to
the shadow person's chest. I counterattack with Bite sending a second, more
powerful blast of electricity into my twin which then spreads to all shadow
attackers.
 I parry one of Shadow Tako's strikes, and dance out of the way of Shadow
Frobod. Shadow Leroy unfortunately uses my  evasion to land a vicious strike in
my core mass.  In a single blow, my health drops to forty percent.
 I yell, "Damn it, Leroy! You're too strong." and grimace under the muted
pain. It's not like getting hit with a steel hammer in the real world, but losing that
much health in a single blow is still unpleasant.
 A moment later, one of Pahrem's he al bubbles enwraps me, and I begin to
mend. Up to fifty percent now. In not too long I'll be fully restored.
 More clacks and clanks as metal weapons crash against hard floors and
stone walls through Dorian's shadow body.  Leroy says, "Almost!"
 CLANG! CRACK! It sounds like someone just busted through the wall.
Dorian releases a theatrical "Nooooooo!!!" an d then bursts into ash.  All of my
shadow opponents disappear with him.   In the place of his body is a chest of loot.

WORLD FIRST
Congratulations!
You are the first to complete the As hfall Crypt dungeon. As a result you
have been awarded:
Point Break x1

Point Break! You have gained ten points to distribute among attributes

 "Woo!"  Pahrem says.  "Point break!  That ain't nuthin' to sneeze at."
 Leroy says, "Whatever's down those side corridors must be optional."
 "Everyone get it?" I ask. Everyone answers with "Got its" and "Yeahs" in
the affirmative.  I motion to Tako and say,  "Go ahead and loot."
 He opens the chest, and says, "About a hundred Hades marks, and 300
regular gold. Oh, and a 'Shackle Key.'  I gu ess that was supposed to be for you. "
He looks to Zan.
 L e r o y  s a y s ,  " S o r r y  m a n .  I f  I ' d  k n o w n  i t ' d  b e  t h a t  e a s y  I  w o u l d n ' t  h a v e
broken your hands." Zan frowns and looks like is about to protest, but then seems
to remember that our healer set his broken flesh and bone to right mere moments
after they were ruined.
 The rest of the loot is anti-climati c, a sword, a plate wrist guard, and a
cloth bracelet.  They're cool in the sense that we're the first players to obtain them,
but nothing special in terms of stat upgrades for most of us.
 I say, "I  say we roll for them. Top three can choose an item, though I'd like
to suggest that guild members consider do nating gear to the armory for less
advanced members."
 Frobod says.  "I'm good with that."
 Leroy says, "You can take mine as  long as you don't mind me going
through all the donations at the end of th e quest to make a cl ip of what the new
gear looks like."
 "That's fine with me."  I sa y. "Thanks for the donation."
 Leroy says, "None of this will help me anyway."
 I say, "Alright roll 'em."

Melpomine rolls 1 (1-10) sided dice. Result: 8
Frobod rolls 1 (1-10) sided dice. Result: 6
LeroyJensen rolls 1 (1-10) sided dice. Result: 10
TakoStar rolls 1 (1-10) sided dice. Result: 8
Pahrem rolls 1 (1-10) sided dice. Result: 4
Sajina rolls 1 (1-10) sided dice. Result: 10

 I look to Tako and ask, "Keep or donate?"
 Tako says, "Donate.  Whatever."
 "Alright."  I say.  "Sajina? What do you want to do?"
 Leroy says, "Give him the bracelet. It's gotta be better than whatever he's
got."
 I look to the gargoyle, who shifts un comfortably. He says, "OK I'll take the
bracelet."

Ashen Bracelet

Type:                                                  Cloth
Slot:                                                  Wrist
Armor                                                      1
Quality:                                                                   Rare
Equipped Bonus:
Intellect +3, Stamina + 2

 The rest of us respond in a chorus of "gratz," which is customary for an
upgrade.
 I say, "Let's do our point breaks and then head out."   For me it's as simple
as opening and closing the window. After ra ising my stamina up to 21 last time, I
only have 20 points to spend.  Raising twenty three natural Dex up to twenty four
for a grand total of twenty five with my racial bonus will cost about 69 points,
another bump in Stamina will be 63, and for the time being those are the only
stats I care about.   I'll need a few more Point Breaks before I'm ready to spend
anything.
 Of the group, only Pahrem and Sajina seem to be taking their time as they
poke around their virtual tablets. "Done! " Pahrem says, as her VT vanishes into
nothing.
 Frobod asks, "What'd you get?"
 Pahrem says, "Bumped up my intelligence again."
 Leroy says, "Never a bad thing for a healer."
 Pahrem says, "Yeah, and it helps my  craftin' too so double whammy."
 I say, "You might consider dexterity in the future if you're gonna make a
habit of hurling exploding objects."
 Pahrem says, "I thought about it. That 's why it took so long, but I figure
the stuff I'm throwin' doesn' t have to be too exact to be awesome. Besides, I got
good athletics."
 "Fair point." I say.
 "Is that what I should do?" Sajina  asks, still staring down at his VT.
"Intelligence for more manna?"
 Leroy says, "Only if you want to become a traditional mage style caster. My
advice is to bank it and see if we can get you started on charismatic casting. If you
make the switch you'll get more manna from Charisma, and roll your charisma
rating rather than Intel when you're casting spells."
 I say, "There's also dex and stam if  your physical stats are still low."
 Leroy says, "I forgot about that. I keep forgetting you're a noob when it
comes to adventuring. Let me see what you've got."
 Sajina shows him his VT, "Alright, ye ah. Your Charisma and Dex are prime,
but go ahead and buy the next level of Stam. You might want to do that a couple
more times before you raise anything else so you don't die in one hit if you
somehow manage to pull agro."
 Sajina taps the surface of his tablet in a way that I assume confirms Leroy's
Stamina suggestion. I feel kind of bad for hijacking the build and play of Sajina's
character but there's only so much a Bard  can do combatively speaking in a small
party. Usually they take on the role of light DPS and off heals, but it appears
Sajina never leveled his weapon abilities.
 Tako asks, "Are we good to go?"
 I look to the group, including Zan and the trio of humans we rescued,
"Everyone?"
 Frobod says, "I'm ready."
 Annette, one of the formerly hog tied  humans. says, "I wish I wasn't so
naked."
 I fish my starting gear  out of inventory and pass  the straw colored linen
pants and shirt to Annette.  I ask, "Anyone got something basic for them to put on?
Vendor trash?"  I look to Tako since he's usually the one looting.
 He sighs, no doubt loathe to give up the coin he'd get from selling common
items, and says "Here..." tossing common,  statless items to Jason and James.
"Just hurry up. I want to get moving."
 Annette, in a thankful tone, says, "I'll give them back to you when I can get
some clothes of my own."
 Tako says, "Now, are we ready?"
 Heads nod, and Leroy says, "Let's go."
 I look to the frightened NPCs and it dawns on me that they've been
surprisingly level headed throughout their rescue and the boss fight.  Their body
language is insecure, with their arms he ld close to their bodies, but no one's
having a nervous breakdown. I wasn't looking at them during combat, and
couldn't see anything through all the dark ness, so I wonder if they entered a
vacant trance for the duration of the battle.
 I say, "Just stick close to me, Pahrem  and Sajina on the way out and you'll
be fine. Same as when we fought the vampire."
 Jason says, "Can you get us back home ? I don't even know where here is."

The following quest is now available.

Quest - They're Not Dead!
Difficulty: Variable

You have successfully rescued Annette, Jason and James from the
vampire Dorian and his minions. Fort unately, or unfortunately as the case
may be, they're not dead. Escort them back to the lands of the living, or
make them permanent residents of Hades.

WARNING: Humans require food and drink to survive.

Bonus (Limited Edition):

Lord Zarentu of Dragonswood Keep, seeks more information about the
Free World, and providing him with natives of that plane may yield valuable
intelligence about the rip between worlds and earn his favor.

Objectives (Easy):
Annette made permanent resident of Hades  0/1
Jason made permanent resident of Hades  0/1
James made permanent resident of Hades  0/1

Objectives (Moderate):
Annette immigrates to Haven  0/1
Jason immigrates to Haven  0/1
James immigrates to Haven  0/1

Objectives (Hard):
Annette returned to the Free World 0/1
Jason returned to the Free World 0/1
James returned to the Free World 0/1

Bonus (Limited Edition)
Bring Annette, Jason, and James to Lord Zarentu  0/1

Rewards:
Dependant on grade of success.

Do you accept?  Yes / No

 I choose yes.
 "One thing at a time." I say. "First step was to get rid of the guy who
imprisoned you, now we've got to clear out of enemy territory." My voice rises.
"Everyone. Just hold your questions until we get back to town, and don't eat
anything unless one of us gives it to you. The food's not safe here."
 An expression of glee enters Frobod's  face. "Hold up. Did you guys just get
a quest?" I can read the unspoken hope in his expression - logout button.
 "Yeah."  I say.
 "Got it." Tako says.
 "Cool beans."  Pahrem follows . "A limited edition bonus."
 Leroy says, "I don't have anything  about this being limited edition."
 Sajina says, "Neither do I."
 I say, "That's because you're not To xic Muffins. It has something to do
with a quest we got back in Dragonswood, and an alliance I struck up between
our guild and Lord Zarentu."
 Leroy stares at me slack jawed with  a confused "O" parting his lips.
 "What?"  I ask.
 "Your guild has an alliance with an NPC settlement?"
 I say, "Yeah, Dragonswood Keep."
 Leroy asks, "It's official? A signed treaty and everything? Not just a rep
grind?"
 I say, "Yeah... Why?"
 Leroy says, "How is that even possible?"
 I say, "Diplomacy, I guess. It's only good for a year. After that we've got to
renegotiate."
 Frobod adds, "Tako and I were there. She negotiated it as part of her
winnings from the Dragonswood Tournament."
 "I don't know whether to be shocked or impressed." Leroy says. "I didn't
know the game was programmed for that. It's  like you've uncovered a secret that
no one even suspected could exist."
 I uneasily scratch the back of my head  as my thoughts drift to Archangel.
"I guess this is part of what they meant by enhanced realism."
 Leroy's face scrunches as if fighting an internal battle. "I guess this means
you're gonna want to do the moderate qu est line if your bonus has something to
do with Dragonswood."
 "I think so."  I say.
 The pro-gamer sighs. "Damn.  I would have liked to try for Freeworld, that
said, anything connected to an in-game alliance between a guild and a hamlet
might be worth documenting. Do you mind if I follow you around for the turn in
so I can make a video?"
 "Talk about it after we rescue Mirae." I say.  "That's why we're all here."
 Tako says, "I was gonna say we just kill them all and make em' permanent
residents. We don't have time."
 Annette gasps.
 I put a comforting hand on her forearm, and say. "He doesn't mean that.
We're only in the underworld to rescue a friend, and he's afraid that helping you
will take too much time from our objective."
 "We won't be a burden!" Annette says. "I promise."
 My stomach twists. 'I don't want to be a burden anymore.' was one of the
l a s t  t h i n g s  M i r a e  s a i d  t o  m e  b e f o r e  she died. I look to  Annette who's now
thoroughly shaken. "We're not leaving yo u behind. One way or another, we'll get
you to safety... and not as new immigrants to Hades. You might have to come to
our world first however. There's someone we  k n o w  w h o ' d  l i k e  t o  m e e t  y o u .  I t ' s
not quite like the Free World, but the magic is grand, the feasts are great, and the
residents are all breathing. From there we can see about getting you back home."
  James says, "As long as they're not going to eat us."
 Tako says, "He is a dragon."
 Annette's eyes widen.
 I give Tako a look and say, "You're not helping." I re-center my attention
on the rescuees, say, "He's a good dragon." and then shifting to address the group
as a whole, "Lets move out."
 Leroy says, "Got it.... I keep forgetting we're pressed for time."
 The other players nod their agreement,  and the four NPCs cluster around
Pahrem, Sajina and me in the back as we take our first steps along the path out of
the dungeon.
 A lot of dungeons have portals at th e end that will take you back to where
you started. They save you a bit of time and the manual effort of going back to the
beginning.  Not so with the Ashfall Crypt. Splashes of dark, drying blood decorate
the floors and walls where we'd done battl e, though the enem y corpses have all
disappeared as they are prone to do after looting.
 Now, I'm part of the caboose of our train of people heading up the narrow
staircase leading to the arena where we blew  up all the vamps. It smells of blood,
scorched enemies, and alchemical destruction but there's no sign of hostile
respawns.
 The thought that George's ghosts mi ght have cleared any mobs we might
have missed hits me when a soft melodi c sound touches my ears from behind. I
slow..  "Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Bum da de do."   That's music.
 I say, "Stop."   Leroy halts at the front of our parade, right on top of a giant
splatter of old blood on the floor.  We're no w closing in on the entry hall with the
tall statues where we fought the starving  vamps. Everyone follows his example.
He looks over his shoulder and gives me  a questioning look. "I think I hear
something." The halls of the crypt, bathed in their crimson light, are too quiet.  I
can almost hear my pulse.  There's no music.
 "Never mind."  I say. "I must be crazy."
 Jensen shrugs, and continues on.  We  pass beneath the gazes of those eerie
statues that greeted us in the first segment of the crypt when I hear it again.
 "Ah. Ah. Ah.  Dum bum aliveeeee."
 "Stop!" I say. "Did you hear that?"
 Leroy turns and says, I didn't hear anything.
 Sajina says,  "I heard it."
 "Oh thank God."  I say. "I'm  glad I'm not the only one."
 A deep. dark. silence descends as we all pause to listen, punctuated by the
bloody lighting and sinister décor. My skin tingles and muscles tense,
anticipating another Once Man leaping out of the shadows to tear into us.
 Ten seconds.  Nothing. Twenty, armor ru stles as Frobod stirs in place.
The longer we wait, the more sinister the environment feels. I want to get out of
here, but I hate the idea of being stalked and ambushed even more. Give me a
proper head on battle any day.
 "Ah. Ah. Ah. Ah."
 Sajina exclaims, "That's the melody of Stayin' Alive!" He launches into
singing the first verse. his voice becom es improbably high for his monstrous
stone skinned avatar.  He's full on finger po inting into the air by the time he hits
the chorus.
 Zan's eyes go wide, as he begs "I 'm sorry! I sing when I'm nervous."
 Pahrem asks, "Ya know... disco?"
 Zan's face goes red, "Don't judge me ! You don't know what it was like."
 I say, "That's not quite what she was getting at. You're a half-elf like me.
How do you know disco?"
 "It's the vampire." Zan says.
 The prisoner Jason, shudders behind me. "No joke."
 I say, "I'm missing something."
 "You don't know what it's like without adventurers in the Dungeon. All
disco all the time. From the bastard's... juke... box..." The words sound foreign in
the Haven man's mouth.  "The Bee Gees.  Y.M.C.A....   Funky Town!  I swear that
bastard serenaded us with I Will Survive just to taunt us, but after a while... it
starts sinking in and you find yourself tapping your foot and bobbing your head."
 I hear Tako murmuring "Funky town... a-funky town." I give him a look.
He says, "What? Funky Town.  It's a good song."
 Frobod, quiet until now says,  "You're telling me that the noir shadow man
had a secret passion for disco?"
 "Had."  Annette corrects, in a weary voice. "He's dead now."
 James says, "Good riddance."
 Leroy says,  "Can't judge a b ook by it's cover I guess."
 Tako, seeming to have forgotten his Funky Town amusement, says
"Mystery solved.  Can we go? We still got a train to catch."
 I sigh, and say, "He's right.  Sorry. I was just afraid we were going to be
ambushed." I look to Zan and say, "You r good. Just... don't spook me like that.
It's time to get you back to your wife."  I'd expected him to be happy, but instead
he looks down and away reluctant to meet my eyes.  "What?"
 "Nothing."  Zan says.  "Lets just go."
 We're at the exit portal now, and are greeted by the specters of the people
that composed George. The man with the flannel shirt and ruddy beard kneels,
before us and says "We are forever grateful."
 "Stand." I say, "Come with us thro ugh the portal. There's a village near
here, that you can make your new home. They're good folk who'll help you start
your new life."
 "New life..."  The lumberjack says.
 "New life!"  The rest  of the ghosts echo.
 The guy who looks like Santa says, "Go, Lord Melpomine, and we will
follow."

The following quest is now available.

Quest - New Life!
Difficulty:  Easy

By destroying George, the Blood Horror,  you have freed the souls of the
people that were used to create him. They're all dead no w, thanks to you,
and homeless.  Guide them to a Hades settlement and register them as new
citizens at the town hall.

Objectives:
Ghosts registered  0/1

Rewards:
56 Gold
10 Hades Marks
Ring of Hades Fellowship (Rare)
+500 Reputation in Settlement

Do you accept?  Yes / No

 I choose yes.



Chapter 13 -  In Death We Are Parted

 My foot touches down on soft, dry earth in the way of portals. Party
members materialize behind me along with no small number of NPCs.  I wave my
middle finger and shout "INFERNO!!!" then pump my fist in the air and declare
"Let's ride!" One by one Fire, Earth,  Air, Ether, and Water elechoppers
materialize with pops of li ght and guzzles of magical engines.  An avian screech
sounds as Leroy calls forth his phoenix mo unt in a wave of heat and a pulse of
fiery light.
 "Wooooooow." Annette, and several of George's ghosts cry in unison. Awe
paints their faces. I'm about to leap into my spiel about how the elechoppers
come from another world with alien magic,  but the words die on my lips when I
realize it's not our bikes they're gaping a t .  A l l  e y e s  o n  L e r o y  a s  h e  m o u n t s  h i s
resplendent bird.
 Speaking to the three Freefolk, the name given to NPC residents of
Freeworld Online, I say, "We come from a place of magic, similar to and yet not at
all like your own. The emergence of magi c in the 60s never happened, because it
never disappeared from Haven in the first place. Try to think of your favorite
fantasy books and movies, and that might prepare you for what Haven's like."
 Annette says, "I know, that's what you said, but it's a wonder to see such a
creature in the flesh. I can feel the heat o n  m y  f a c e .  H o w  i s  i t  t h a t  h e  d o e s n ' t
burn?"
 Pahrem says, "What am I chopped liva? You got little green ladies where
ya come from?  And what about him? Guy's six feet of walkin' stone."
 I ignore Pahrem's comment for a moment and say, "Magic." with a shrug.
I then look to the goblin and continue, "Freeworld has a type of Gargoyle." I
straddle my fire chopper, and the rest of  the players follow. "We can each take a
passenger, but there's no way we've got room for all the ghosts."
 Mr. Lumberjack says, "We will follow."
 I ask, "Sure you can keep up?"
 He reiterates, "We will follow."
 "Alright."  I say, "You three and Zan pick your partner."  I pat the back of
my seat, and the rescued half-elf reluctantl y snuggles up behind me.  His eyes are
still downcast, and not a word about alien magics. Captivity hasn't been good to
him. Annette, James, and Jason get behind Frobod, Tako, and Pahrem
respectively.  No one's too keen on buddying  up with a gargoyle.
 Looking to the ghosts I say, "The town 's called Ashe March if you get lost.
T h e  s i g n s ,  a n d  a n y o n e  y o u  e n c o u n t e r  s h o u l d  b e  a b l e  t o  d i r e c t  y o u . "  T h e n  t o
everyone else I say, "Hold on tight.  These things fly."
 A little gasp sounds from Annette as Frobod's bike lifts off the ground, but
everyone else is taking the novelty of soaring motor bikes in stride. Flying over
treetops so we don't have to worry about fi ghting boars, the ride back to town is
refreshing and peaceful with wind beating at my face. Zan's arms fasten around
me like a mannequin, not a word passes his lips.
 I pause at the crossroad beyond Ashfall Forrest to regroup and make sure
our passengers are okay.  To my surprise, Ge orge's ghosts bust out of the trees on
foot right behind us. I'd expected them to  arrive at the settlement an hour or so
behind us, but I guess being part of a guide quest they're able to keep up
regardless of how fast we travel.
 I say, "We good?"
 Frobod says, "Yeah."
 Tako says, "Keep going." as they breeze past.
 I look down as I accelerate, George 's ghosts glide over the earth like
marathon runners in fast motion. As NP Cs, they don't draw agro from world
monsters unless they're part of an opposing faction, or a world event. Some
minutes later, I bring my bike down in front of Ashe March's gate and wave to the
guard.
 "Lord Melpomine."  He says, more in acknowledgement than respect given
our lack of reputation in Hades. "I s ee you've returned..."  He trails. "With
guests."
 "That's right."  I say.  "New recruits to make Ashe March stronger. Can you
direct me to the town hall?"
 "Sure." He says, more warmth in his voice after announcing that I intend
to support the town. "If I may see your map." I hand it over, and he marks a
building with his finger, that leaves a re d dot. "It's a large structure. You can't
miss it."
 The other bikes are touching down around me, and I say "I've got
directions to the town hall.  Let's take care of the ghosts, an d then settle things
with Zan."
 "Job first." Tako says.
 I say, "You really want to go to th e adventurer's hall with all these people
following?"
 Leroy says, "Start with the town hall so we can collect the item, then we
can split up and take care of what we've got to do.  We'll probably get credit if just
one of us returns Zan."
 "Sounds like a plan." I sa y. "This way." as I begin rolling down the street.
 The town hall looks much the same as all the other Ashe March buildings,
white stucco walls, with heavy brown timb er forming the frame.  A desk, much
like that of the adventurer's hall greets us  in the foyer, with a little bespectacled
woman knitting a pink sock sitting behind it.
 She sets her knitting aside, and says , "Welcome to the town hall, how may
I help you?" Her eyes drift to all the people behind me , and she amends "...all of
you."
 I say, "We've got some new souls that were just released in Hades. They'd
like to make a life here."
 She says ,"Immigration then. We don't get many new ones this far out.
They usually cross the rivers."
 I say, "Yeah well... They had a hard time of it."
 The woman, named Penny, rifles throug h her desk and pulls out a stack of
forms.  "Each of you needs to fill out one of these, date, and make your mark."
 Frobod says, "I had no idea  death was so bureaucratic."
 "Hah!" Penny says, finding genuine amusement in his comment.
"Paperwork makes the world go round. Yo u didn't think we just let people come
and go as they please did you? There are hells out there, and some individuals
deserve to be in them. That's why new arri vals, must register as citizens."  She
nudges a form toward me.
 I say, "I'm not immigrating." but take the stack of forms anyway and
distribute them to George's ghosts.
 Penny says, "If you don't remember ho w you died, see me for form 2b. If
y o u  h a v e  n o  m e m o r y  o f  y o u r  l i f e  a t  a l l ,  y o u  w i l l  a l s o  n e e d  2 c .   T h e  r e s t  o f  y o u ,
please be sure to include your last living residence."
 One of the women, the one with the rolling pin if I'm not mistaken says,
"What if we were kidnapped?" She has a st ubby pencil in her hand. "Do we write
our final home, or the place we were taken?"
 Penny asks, "What was the duration of the kidnapping?"
 The woman says, "Ten months."
 Penny says, "One year is what we use to establish residency, unless of
course you purchased land which your descendents continue to occupy to this day.
Please write your prior home address, as your abduction only lasted 10 months."
She looks over the crowd of ghosts.  "I trust this is the same for all of you?"
 There are murmurs of ascent.
 Frobod asks,  "How did you know..?"
 Penny winks and says, "They look like a set." She then looks to the rest of
us in turn. "As for the rest of you, As he March appreciates your contribution to
our community, and on behalf of Mayor Ch atsworth, I would like to present you
with a token of our appreciation."  She ducks behind her desk and withdraws six
velvet sacks that clink when they hit the countertop.
 I loosen the draw string and peer inside.

You have completed the quest New Life!
You have gained:
56 Gold
10 Hades Marks
Ring of Hades Fellowship
+500 Reputation in Ashe March

 I examine the ring.


Ring of Hades Fellowship

Type:                                                  Ring
Slot:                                                              Finger
Armor                                                      0
Quality:                                                                   Rare
Equipped Bonus:
Charisma +2, Stamina + 1
Residents of Ashe March will regard you as having one
reputation level higher. (Maximum: Honored).

 Glancing between Penny and the ghos ts, I ask "Are we good here?"
 Penny says. "That'll be all we need from you.  We'll get these folks set up in
temporary housing until they can establish homes and trades for themselves."
 Lumberjack says, "We are forever grateful."
* * * * *
 We're heading toward the adventurer's hall when I say, "I think we need to
do the thing with Zan first."
 "Why?" Tako asks.
 I say, "Milnus said we wouldn't qualif y for the train job until we finish the
other one.  The job's not finished until Zan's back with his wife."
 Zan looks away.
 Tako says, "Who's Milnus?"
 I say, "The gnome with the quests."
 Tako says,  "Oh him."
 Leroy says, "I'm gonna take Sajina to  the hall to work out a contract. You
should take Zan back home and everyone else can do what they want."
 "Me?" Sajina asks.
 Leroy says, "Yeah, bard. You're Mr. Charisma. We've got three more
passengers on a full train. We've got to see if there's a way to earn their passage."
 "I don't know..." Sajina says.
 Frobod says, "It's Soc stuff. Just do  your thing. No fighting. Just be
charming, and pretend you're back in Durolan."
 Sajina takes a deep breath and considers.  I imagine him picturing himself
the center of attention back at Fire an d Soul, and he becomes more confident.
"Alright." He says. "I've got this."
 Leroy looks to the Gargoyle and says, "Equip your ring."
 I say, "That just leaves  Zan.  I'm going.  Who wants to come?"
 Frobod says, "I'll go."
 "Anyone else?" I ask. No responses. "Looks like it's just us." I regard
Annette, James, and Jason and say "Go with Leroy to the Adventurers' Hall. We'll
be back later."
 It feels like Frobod and I haven't been alone in ages as we ride to Marcy's
house, and I ask "How are you holding up?"  Zan shifts his weight on the back of
my bike to remind me that we're not exactly alone.  He's so quiet, hanging on like
a dead weight that it's easy to forget him.
 Frobod says, "I'm holding.  Actually  I'm pretty excited about the Zarentu
thing.  This could be the break we've been looking for."
 I shrug.  A part of me feels like th e way out of Freehaven isn't coming from
Dragonswood, but I keep it to myself. I ha ve no concrete reason for believing it,
it's just intuition. "We'll find the way sooner or later. Stay strong."
 "Stay strong."  He holds out his gauntl eted fist for a fist bump, and I tap it
with my own gloved hand.
 We're approaching Marcy's cottage when I hear Zan groan.  I turn my head
to address him in profile, and say "You okay back there dude?"
 He groans again. "So... hungry..."
 "They forget to feed you?" I say, "Y ou can have some of my rations when
we get to your wife."
  The only reply is a moan from the man that reverberates through my back.
Frobod eyes him suspiciously.
 We roll to a stop in front of Marc y's cottage, with the wood trim and
adorable circular windows. I cut the engine.
 "I'm..." Zan speaks in a punished voice. "... sorry."
 "Huh?"  That's all I can say, before a sharp pain sticks into my neck.  I gasp,
"Ahhuuugh!" but the short moment it takes me to produce that sound is all it
takes for the pain to be replaced by pleasure. I can't move my limbs, and I don't
care as waves of heat, and floaty tingling  euphoria pulse through me, starting at
my neck and stirring through my en tire body. I moan, a "Ugh... mmmm"  A
sound far too sexual for my liking, and yet I also don't care like laughing gas at
the dentist. It's so... good.  I'm melting.
 I feel a trickle of blood roll down my neck when suddenly there's a
powerful crash, I'm in the dirt, and my big red fire ch oppers on it's side on  the
ground beside me.  The ether bike's on the ground too. Where's Zan?  I touch my
neck, and am shocked to find all my fing ers covered in hot red blood.  The wound
hurts when I touch it. It stings; the pleasure a fading dream.
 I'm just getting my bearings when I realize Frobod's charging Zan with his
great sword, as the man scuttles backward in the dirt.
 "I'm sorry!" The half-elf cries, mouth smeared with blood, and bloody
tears tracking down his face. Somehow he  manages to evade Frobod's downward
strike. The greatsword smashes into the dirt.
 Frobod bellows, "We rescued you!" He swings again, potent and chaotic,
another blow that misses the mark. "We risked ourselves to bring you back to
your wife, and this is how you repay us?"
 Zan raises his hands defensively as if to fend off a blow, much good may it
do him should Frobod connect. He whin es, a pitiful sound "I was just... so...
hungry."
 "I don't care!" Frobod roars. "You don't attack her!"
 "STOP!" I shout. "It's not his fault. I didn't realize he'd been changed. It
takes a few days for the transformation to complete."
 Frobod's still a thunderhead, but at least he's not swinging. I hurry to my
feet and extend a hand to help Zan up.  I say, "Jeeze man.  It's not like I was really
gonna die. You're gonna risk screwing up our quest for this?"
 Frobod barks, "You don't know that."
 Zan takes my hand and unsteadily hobbles to his feet. Thankfully, he
makes no effort to gnaw on my wrist. I say, "So what. I get drained dry. You pick
up my corpse, and haul me back to Pahrem and Leroy. Sheesh. We've got 3 resers.
If you kill him in front of his wife's ho use there's no telling what would happen.
You wanna miss the train?"
 Frobod hrumphs. "I didn't like  the sounds you were making."
 "Dude. Free-vamp bites inflict Ecstasy. " I say. "It's how they feed without
their victims fighting. Some people even get addicted to it."
 Frobod says, "Yeah, I know." sounding petulant. "I just didn't want you to
respawn outside of Hades."
 I give him a sarcastic smile and say,  "I'm sure that's all it was."
 I look back to the cottage and find Marcy standing in the doorway, horror
stricken. Her face is bone white, and he r mouth hangs agape. I lead Zan.  He
shuffles like a prisoner on his way to de ath row. He's crying blood, as my blood
stains my neck and the lower half of his face.
 Marcy says, "What happened to you?"
 Zan chokes up. "Vampires. They go t me... They... changed... me. I need
blood to survive."
 Marcy takes a deep breath, holding something back so she can be the
strong one in the relationship.  She says "Okay..." She pauses.  "Then you can take
mine.  I know you won't kill me."
 "I can't!" Zan wails.
 "And why's that?" Marcy says.
 "Because you don't have any! Your dead!"
 Marcy says, "Oh..." then continues in a quiet mutter. "So new to this, near
forgot about that."
 Frobod and I exchange looks, as he  says, "What do you want to do?"
 Marcy says, "It's simple then. You've go t to go back. Live your life and I'll
be waiting for ya."
 Zan sobs, "I'm immortal."
 Marcy scoffs, "Vampires can be killed. No use denying it."
 Frobod gives voice to what Zan's thin king, "Vampire souls go to Tartarus."
 Zan nods, confirming the assumption. "I'll go to hell."
 "Ahh.. uhmm..."  I say clearing my thro at. "Not necessarily. It hasn't been
more than a week since he changed you right?" Zan wordlessly shakes his head
no. "So the transformation isn't complete. There's a chance that if you died today
you'd become a ghost like any other. You haven't killed anyone have you, except
in self defense?"
 He shakes his head no. Soundless, his eyes are red, and wet with bloody
tears.
 I look to Frobod, he looks down at his VT and says "The quest hasn't
updated.  How do you even know that?"
 I say, "I've played a bunch of vampires. They are more manageable in my
opinion than weres. The transformation from human, if you started the game that
way, takes a week. In that time you grad ually take on more of their powers and
weaknesses."
 Shaking, Zan says. "You have to kill me."
 Marcy says, "The hell you will! ... and se nd you to Tartarus? Ya want to be
damned?"
 Zan says, "You heard what they said. It 's the only way we can be together."
 Marcy says, "I won't have it! Not if there's even a chance you're damning
yourself in the process."

Quest Update: Missing Hunter - In Death We Are Parted

Zan asks you to kill him, yet Marcy re jects this proposition. There's no
guarantee Zan will return as a ghost if you strike the fatal blow, and yet it
may be the only way to reunite the lovers. There are two paths you may
follow to complete this quest.

Objective- Zan:
Decapitate Zan   0/1

Objective - Marcy:
Escort Zan back to Haven 0/1

 Frobod grips his Greatsword and says, "Let's make this quick."
 Marcy shrieks, "No!!!" but it's too late.
 Zan bows his head, and Frobod comes in with a two handed swing without
another word of discussion. The head go es flying, as Marcy wails, and beats
Frobod's armor with her tight fist.
 I'm more interested in what ha ppens to Zan's body. While a large
percentage of his flesh bursts into ash, unlike Dorian the half-elf vampire leaves
behind a blackened skeleton with charred hunks of meat clinging to its bones.
Marcy continually beats Frobod's chest,  his face is stony and impassive. The
widow's sobs are painful. I feel a part of me dying.

Quest Update: Missing Hunter - In Death We Are Parted

Zan has died.  Escort him to the town  hall and register him as a citizen of
Ashe March.

Objective:

Register Zan as a citizen of Ashe Marche.  0/1

 As soon as the prompt appears, a gh ostly body takes shape from within the
bones, seeping out of them like an ethereal jelly and condensing into a human...
half-elf shaped form. I squat beside the bones, and extend my hand which the
gelatin figure grasps.  I stand and pull th e new ghost up, out of its corpse.  As he
rises, Zan becomes more solid, taking on  more color. When he steps away from
his corpse, he's as solid as either Frobod or me.
 He gasps... and then laughs, an in credulous sound that's shocked to be
alive. "Marcy..." He says, his voice tinged with amazement, "I'm here. I didn't go
to Tartarus."
 He touches her shoulder, she turns, and delivers a full fisted punch to
Zan's nose, shouting "You fool!"
 I can tell it hurt from the incredible snapping sound,  but Zan just laughs
and scoops his wife into his arms. They sp in together in a tight embrace in front
of the little cottage as Marcy's red skirt catches the air.
 Frobod clears his throat. "We should get you registered so you don't get
deported for being an illegal immigrant or some nonsense."
 Part of me wants to smack Frobod for ruining their moment, but it's
already broken so I say, "You think they'd do that?"
 Frobod says, "They love their form s. Why register if not to have
consequences for not registering?"
 Marcy shoves her man towards us, he stumbles forward. She says, "Go.
Get yourself registered. I'll inform the Adventurers' Guild that you've completed
my task to satisfaction."
 Zan, looking sheepish now that he's su rvived his ordeal, says, "Thank you.
I was nearly lost."
 Zan's more noticeable on the back of my bike now that he's a ghost. He
hums a chipper, unfamiliar tune that tells  me that he's not only musical when
he's nervous.
 When we enter the town hall, much quieter now without George's ghosts,
penny sets down her knitting, adjusts her glasses, and says, "Picked up a straggler
have you?"
 "Ahh, no." I answer. "Recently dece ased. He was alive and died within
Hades."
 "More recently than the others?"  Penny asks.
 "A few minutes ago." Frobod says.
 "Cause of death?" Penny asks, ch ecking off boxes behind her desk.
 Frobod says, "Decapitation."
 The clerk removes her spectacles and sucks on the end of  one of the arms
staring at Zan intensely. Her whole body grows tense. "Did the death occur within
city limits?"
 "Yes..."  I say, reluctance creeping into my voice.
 In an 'as of a matter of fact' tone , Penny asks, "Will you be pressing
charges?"
 Zan beams, and says "T hat won't be necessary."
 Penny returns the smile and returns the glasses to her face.  "If your happy,
I'm happy. While I do love documentation,  I loathe unnecessary work and...." she
trails "investigations. You seem like prop e r  f o l k s ,  s o  I ' m  g l a d  n o t  t o  s e e  y o u  i n
shackles." She pushes a partially fille d out form across the counter. "Complete
form I1a, and sign here. I3c to apply for temporary housing, and IP24c which
waves your right to the constable's inve stigation for a death within Ashe March
limits. Do be as detailed as possible, as there are few mortal deaths in the
underworld and these accounts will become a matter of public record."
 Z a n  p u s h e s  f o r m  I 3 c  b a c k  t o  p e n n y  w i t h  a  b o y i s h  g r i n  o n  h i s  f a c e .  " I
already have a home."
 Penny arches a ginger eyebrow and sa ys, "Oh? You look like a boy caught
in the embrace of first love."
 He smiles, "My wife already li ves here, and perhaps I have."
 I nudge Frobod's arm and squeal, "That' s adorable.  She was his first love."
 He rolls his eyes, too cool for love.

You have completed the quest Missing Hunter - In Death We Are Parted!

Return to Milnus in the Adventures' Hall to collect your reward.


Chapter 14 -  To Pret Forest

 It's late afternoon when we regroup at the Adventurers' Hall, and I find
Leroy and Sajina sitting at one of the large circular tables with the diminutive
gnome, Milnus, with his box of cards.  Leroy's has a smug expression painted all
over his face, meanwhile Sajina's relaxed in a way that I haven't seen since we
started this adventure.  He's still in is Gargoyle skin, but I can almost see the
casual confident elf peaking out from behind those stony eyes.
 I say, "How are things?"
 Leroy claps the bard on the shoulder and says, "Sajina's the man." The fact
that the musician doesn't grin like a little boy tells me that he's found some of his
old swagger.
 "Yes, well..." Milnus begins. "Now that  you've proven yourself with Lady
Marcy's assignment, I'm authorized and pr epared to offer the bard a separate
contract from the rest of you."
 "Oh?"  I ask.
 "Yes."  Milnus says, "He's to work as  an entertainer for the duration of the
trip in the more expensive cars.  In exch ange for this service, he'll be provided
compensation, and your three additional passengers will be permitted to travel in
the restricted area of the Shroudmoon Express."
 "Restricted?"  I ask.  "
 Milnus says, "Kitchens, storage compartments, and the staff lounge in cars
three to four.  There are no available pr ivate rooms or beds, however cots will be
provided so they can rest."
 I look to the gargoyle and say, "Good job.  That's one less thing we have to
deal with."
 Milnus hands me and Frobod sacks of  coins, and says "Payment for Lady
Marcy's job." There's something very sati sfying about holding a velvet sack of
money in my palm.
 Leroy says, "Everyone else has already been paid."
 I ask,  "Where are they?"
 Leroy says, "There's a room downstairs where adventurers can relax and
shoot the shit."
 I say, "Anyone else show up yet?"
 "No." Leroy says, "We're the first. That 'll change as more people find gates,
and figure out a way around Cerberus. It's a lot harder now since people can't just
search for the answers online, and people can only see pro-gamer vids if they've
got the streaming media upgrade, and even  then the other pros need to have
someone on the outside to do their editing. In any case, I'm pretty sure my video's
gonna be the first."
 I say,  "I've been meaning to ask you how that works."
 "Assuming I'm not live,  every time I turn off my recording the files are
uploaded." Leroy says, "My wife has the password, so she can download, and now
she's doing all the editing. Communication 's only one way,  but new videos are
showing up in my channel so I know she's on top of it."
 "That's nice of her."  I say.
 "It's our livelihood." Leroy reminds me.
  Milnus clears his throat and withdraws the note card with the
Shroudmoon Express job, from his box an d  p u s h e s  i t  t o w a r d  m e  a n d  s a y s ,  " I f
you'll review the specifics of your next post and confirm your acceptance I can
begin preparing."

Quest - Shroudmoon Express - Cabin Security
Difficulty: Challenging
Duration:  2 Days

The Shroudmoon Express needs professi onals to maintain the peace
between traveling guests, and put down  any monsters, bandits, or other
undesirable entities that attempt to board in transit.

Objectives:
Ride the Shroudmoon Express to Athelon necropolis from Coldwash  0/1
Passengers arrive safely        0/1

Rewards:
+500 Reputation with Ashe March Adventurers' Hall
200 Hades Gold Marks
500 Gold

Do you accept?  Yes / No

 I tap 'yes,' and pass the card to Frobod so he can do the same.
 "Fantastic." Milnus says. "Coldwash is a half day's ride so you'd better
hurry if you want to get there tonight. I' ll mark it on your maps. The train leaves
6PM tomorrow, so you'd better not miss it."
 Frobod looks between me and Leroy and says, "You want to go tonight?"
 Milnus says, "You can make it if you leave first thing tomorrow morning."
 "Yeah..." I say, "But then we'll be tired when we get there, and there's not
much of a cushion for if something goes  wrong along the way." I spread my map
on the table, and Milnus touches our de stination with his finger. A red mark
appears in a town on the west coast.  "So we're here..."  I touch the dot indicating
Ashe March, "... and we're going here." I follow the main road with my finger
leading to our destination.  It occurs to me that it's not the most direct route.    In
fact, we'd have to go west, north,  then west again, only to go south once we hit
the coast.
 I ask "What's this here?"  I indicate a forested area  with a dashed red line
passing through it rather than the thick black ones that represent public roads.
  "That'd be faster."  Milnus says, "But only if you're not attacked along the
way.  The red indicates that road may be unsafe for travelers."
 "What's there?" Frobod asks.
 Milnus says, "That's the Pret Forest. Foreign ghosts there, they're not like
us."
 "Are they dangerous?" I ask.
 Milnus says, "Depends who you ask.  Some say they just wander around,
begging for forgiveness."
 "And the others?" Frobod asks.
 Milnus offers a dry chuckle, "We haven't seen them."
 Leroy says,  "I catch your meaning."
 Frobod says, "So what do you want to do?"
 I  s a y ,  " I ' m  p r e t t y  s u r e  I  k n o w  w h a t Tako wants. Get there as fast as
possible."
 Sajina says, "Could make for an interesting story."
 I say, "I'm fine with that if you all are."
 Leroy says, "I'm good with that. I do ubt we'll find something that'll take
out our entire party."
 I look to the others and say, "We're agreed?"
 Leroy and Frobod, answer with a "Y eah." and "Yeah." Sajina just nods,
seeming to have become braver since our last dungeon.
 I pull out my VT and say, "I'll double  check with the others, but I think it's
decided."

Melpomine:  There's two ways to get to the next quest, one long and safe,
the other faster and possibly dangerous.   Are you good with the short route?
TakoStar:  Let's do it.
Pahrem:  Whatever you wanna to do, boss. With Leroy Jensen in our
group I ain't worried about nothin'.
TakoStar:  Are we going?

 I say, "Tako wants to know if we're going."
 Leroy asks, "Now?"
 I say,  "I think so."
 Leroy says,  "Not yet.  We still need to find a trainer for Sajina.  If we can
get him somewhat competent in magic, it'll help a whole lot in combat."
 "I have to do my thing for the Sune quest too. I should take care of that
before we go so I don't forget."
 Leroy asks, "Is an hour enough time?"
 "I think so."  I say.

Melpomine:  Unless any of you have  important stuff to do, meet at the
gate in an hour. Don't forget to check with Milnus to accept the quest.

 I look to the gnome and ask, "Is ther e a temple of Sune in Ashe March?"
 "Sune?" Milnus asks, "No... but you can pray at the Temple of Many Gods."
 "What's that?" Frobod asks.
 Milnus says, "It's a temp le with a collection of generic alters where upon
you can make sacrifices, or pray to the god of your choosing."
 "Thanks."  I say,  "I'll be sure to visit."  I stand and turn for the door, but
the gnome catches my arm, and thrusts a sealed scroll into my hand.
 He says, "Show this to the conductor  so he knows of your contract."
 I nod my head, and exit the hall.
 T h e  T e m p l e  o f  M a n y  G o d s  i s  a  w h e e l  o f  c o l u m n s  t h a t  s t r i k e  m e  a s  a
hybridization of a Hellenic temple and Stonehenge. Massive, carved pillars create
a circle, supporting a ring of heavy stone.  Narrow rock paths between each set of
columns create the spokes in the wheel.  There are light and dark colored alters of
varying colors—white, black, grey, blood red. They give off distinct emotional
resonances. Curious, I take a step towa rds one of the darker ones that seems
mysterious.

WARNING:  You are approaching a dark alter.

Favored Deities:   Nyx, Ahriman, Thoth, Asteria, Hecate, Chandra, Ratri.

Opposing Deities:  Helios, Apollo, Sulis, Horus, Baldr, Freyr

Using this alter to pray to an opposing deity will incur that deity's wrath.

 I take a step back, and the prompt di sappears. I examine all the alters from
the center of the circle, and choose a light granite alter that reminds me of clouds.
I check the list of favored deities, and I'm relieved to see that Sune, Thor, and
Zeus are all on the list.
 The Temple of Many Gods is far more  impersonal than my makeshift alter
near the Gate of Hades. I wonder if I'll have another spiritual experience.  I place
a few sticks of incense on the alter, ge t on my knees, and touch my head to the
ground in front of it.

You are praying.  Do you want to of fer tribute to Sune , God of Lightning
and Travel?   Yes / No

 I choose 'yes,' and a cool wind stirs around me at the same time as a new
icon appears in the top right hand corner of my vision.

Blessed
Sune favors you.
+1 Stamina
+5% Mounted speed for all members of  your party if you are the party
leader.
You've earned the respect of Sune's clergy.
Duration:  24 hours

 "Thank you." I say, though it still feels a bit weird giving casual thanks to
an artificial god, in spite of knowing that  Sune is a very real personality that is
capable of interacting with players. I wa nt to feel the unknown presence I found
when we first arrived in Hades.
 I whisper, "I don't know if anyone's listening, but if you are thank you for
guiding us back to Mirae."
 The stone alter doesn't respond. My incense has vanished. I'm about to
g i v e  u p  w h e n  I  f e e l  a  w a r m  h a n d  u p o n  m y  s h o u l d e r .  I  y e l p ,  a n d  s p i n ,  b u t  I ' m
standing by myself. Helios was never so direct.
   I wait a good five minutes, hoping  for further interaction but none comes,
and I begin to wonder if I've been talking to myself. The sensation on my
shoulder. Am I feeling what I want to feel?
 My mind drifts back to the mundane wo rld. Not having anything else to do,
I pull out a stick of goblin jerky, and chew as I exit the temple. I've got some time,
so instead of mounting up I casually st roll through Ashe March on my way to the
gate. Vendors have their shops, and Hade sfolk gossip and laugh as though they
were still alive.  It all strikes me as very mundane. Not paradise, and not hell. Just
a comfortable extension of mortal existence into the afterlife.
 Pahrem, Tako, and Frobod are waiting for me at the gate. Annette, Jason
and James are with them though the NPCs  are gathered off to the side having
their own conversation. I pass them a few of my trail rations, not the good stuff
from our chef, and they accept them gratefully.
 Frobod says, "Just two more."
 Tako says "Hurry their asses up."
 "Hey."  I say, "If Leroy can make Sajina more useful it's worth it."
 Tako says, "I guess."
 I say, "I shouldn't have to remind you what happens if we wipe, unless you
want to trek all the way back here from Haven Durolan."
 "Yeah, I know."  Tako groans, "I just want to see her."
 Pahrem says, "We all wanna see 'er."
 Tako looks like he's about to say something about being special, when I
add, "We know she's out there now. Better than that, she's waiting for us. There's
no need to be reckless. We're going. We' ll get her.  We'll bring her back. There's
no time limit until we leave Hades."

SalemLilly has joined the guild.

 Pahrem wears a confused, expression that bleeds into a look of shock.  She
says, "Holy shit." in a tone that could be  just as easily read as amazement as
incredulity.
 I say, "Someone you know?"
 "Yeah..."  Pahrem says, as she star es down at her VT, scrolling through
contacts. She seems to find what she's l ooking for, because she repeats herself.
"Holy shit.  Pehrom's gonna flip his shit."
 Frobod asks, "Who's SalemLilly?"
 Pahrem says, "That's Lilly!" as if it  should be obvious. She doesn't catch
any recognition in our faces, so she explains, "Pehrom's wife!"
 "Dude..."  I say, thinking I catch her meaning.
 Frobod asks, "So?"
 Pahrem says, "She wasn't in hea before. Looks like we ain't the only one's
on a trip tah find our loved ones."
 Frobod says, "You've got to be kidding me."
 Pahrem says, "No joke. I checked my VT .  It's the same SalemLilly, not just
some impersonator replacing a lowercase L with a capital I. Shit man, he's not
gonna be happy, unless they fixed our shit.  Can you log out?"
 I shake my head no.  "It's still non-functional."
 "Damn." Pahrem says. "Means she ch ose to come in here with us and
damn the consequences. Wouldn't I like to be a fly on the wall for that reunion?"
 I say, "I guess we'll be meeting her.  What's she like?"
 Pahrem says, "Hard, loud. She won't ta ke your shit... but at the same time
she's good people."
 Frobod says, "They sound li ke a match for each other."
 Tako, quiet until now says, "Yeah well..."  Seeming at a loss for words, as if
suddenly the world didn't revolve around him reuniting with Mirae. "Good for
them. At least now they're together."

StarPuncher has joined the guild.
ClashingBoomBoom has joined the guild.
TripleRex has joined the guild.
Might has joined the guild.
Severyn has joined the guild.
Sulbin has joined the guild.
TheWrath has joined the guild.
Lah'lan'illeilyn has joined the guild.
KingBlade has joined the guild.
Sultan has joined the guild.
RockHard has joined the guild.
TasteMyCrit has joined the guild.
Dongalor has joined the guild.
Tomilyn has joined the guild.

 "Whoa!" I say. "What just happened?"
 Frobod says, "You didn't send a mass invite?"
 "No way,  who would I ask?" I say.
 Frobod says, "I don't know."
 I say, "There's only two other people who have the rank to do that. Mirae...
and Pehrom."
 Tako says, "I'll ask Mirae." and then  shakes his hand with  his VT after he
types something like he's about to smash it. "I forgot. Stupid quest is blocking our
messages."
 I say, "I'll ask Pehrom what's  going on." and begin typing.

Melpomine:  Dude!  You been recruiting?

You cannot send messages to the living without the aid of magic.

Melpomine: Hello?

You cannot send messages to the living without the aid of magic.

 I sigh and say, "Looks like we can' t communicate with people in Haven
anymore than we could send a message to Mirae when she came back online."
 Pahrem asks, "Whattaya thinks happenin?"
 Tako says, "More recruits for Dragonsbane?"
 I say, "I hope that's all it is."
 Pahrem asks, "Do we have time to scry?"
 I check the clock on my VT, and nod. "We've got a few minutes unless
Leroy comes back early."
 We all move to the side of the gate , where Pahrem sets up her bowl, and
w i t h d r a w s  h e r  v i a l s  o f  m a g i c .  U n l i k e  l a s t  t i m e  t h e y  g l o w  s i l v e r  a n d  b l u e  a s  s h e
empties them out, and they mist and swirl in the basin.
 "What's with the color change?" I ask.
 "Higha difficulty, so I'm breakin' out the good stuff for this scryin'.
Reagents are more expensive."
 Frobod asks, "It's the same spell, so why's it harder?"
 Pahrem says, "Probably cause he's in  Haven and we're in Hades. I just
know what the prompts tell me."
 Tako begins, "So..."
 Pahrem cuts him off, "C'mon give a gal some space to work. Can't do it
with all this yammerin' in my ear."  The way she says  'ear' is more like 'ee-yah.'
 Tako says,  "Sorry."
 Pahrem says, "Zip." and mimes closing a zipper across her lips.
 We all take a clue and stop interrupting.   The goblin lowers her face to the
edge of the bowl close to the water, and begins to blow until the magic contained
within takes on a mirror-like reflection, which then darkens to the black of ink,
and reveals our goblin chef standing on top of a wooden crate at the head of
Cupcake Keep's banquet hall.
 Two stone gargoyles stand behind hi m with massive arms folded across
their chests like body guards, Pehrom wa ves a meat cleaver in the air. A goblin
woman I haven't seen before stands at his side, and the seats are filled with
adventurers I've never encountered.  Armo red, armed.... ready for battle.  Each
with a dirty plate in front of them. They  pump their fists in the air as Pehrom
makes a declaration, though I can't make out the words.
 Pahrem cocks her head in a way th at tells me she's listening.
 Frobod asks, "What's he saying?"
 Pahrem says, "Shhh!" and closes he r eyes in concentration. When she
speaks her voice falls in barely a whisper "I'm listenin'."
 Looking at the scene, I've got questi ons mounting of my own, like 'What
the hell is happening in my castle?'  It'd be one thing if the goblin were hosting a
buffet, but since when did we have gargoyle s or a need for security?  I'm starting
to wonder how tall our keep is gonna be when we get home.
 Pahrem says, "He's sayin'.... "If you're goin' down... don't suck the root. Ya
gotta bite' em' with everything ya got..."
 The image fades as Frobod says, "Is that an herb or something?"
 Tako smirks.
 "Nah."  Pahrem says in her normal speaking voice. "That's all I could get. I
dunno what's happenin' but it sounds like there's a battle."
 "Give em' hell." I say. "Don't die like a noob. If you're gonna die, take a
bunch of em' with you."
 Pahrem's eyes light up with amusem ent. "I'm impressed half-elfy. How'd
you get so good at speakin' goblin."
 I roll my eyes. "I had a younger brother." Had being the operative word.  I
sigh, and say "I don't know what's ha ppening, but I'm sure Jordan would be
proud."
 Pahrem just nods, then says, "Ya saw the chick standin' next to him?
That's Lilly, his wife."
 Frobod says, "I guessed."
 Pahrem clarifies, "His real world wife. Not some in-game lady for role
playin'. Means she signed in, and now she's as stuck as the rest of us."
 The kind of pause where everyone's processing what was just said before
thinking what to say settles  between us, though it's no t awkward. I'm just trying
t o  w r a p  m y  m i n d  a r o u n d  w h a t  P e h r o m ' s  f e e l i n g .  I t ' s  g o t t a  b e  g o o d  t o  b e  w i t h
family, but if I were in his shoes I'd be  concerned for her safety.  Hopefully she
had the sense to sign in where someone wo uld find her, or leave a note knowing
she'd have to go on life support.
 I  s a y ,  " I  w i s h  I  c o u l d  m e s s a g e  h i m .  L e t  h i m  k n o w  w e ' r e  h e r e  w h a t e v e r
happens."
 Pahrem waves a dismissive hand, "H e'll be fine. He ain't da type for
broodin', but if they fought, I'll bet no on e could sleep all evenin'. Ya know, fight
hard" she hits the word with a note that sounds like 'hahd,' "Make up harder, if ya
catch my meaning."
 "I think I do."  I say. "How long have you known each other?"
 Pahrem says, "Me n' Pehrom? God...  If  we're talkin' the player and not the
character, gotta say it's been like seven or eight years, yeah?"
 "Damn..."  I say, feeling a bit like a fi sh out of water.  I'm the Guild Master,
but most of the Muffins, the incap ones an yway, seem like they 've been together
longer than most real life people I know.  "Ya know.  That's good."
 Pahrem says, "Whattaya mean?"
 "Just that..." I say, "Even though this  guild is old, it's also kinda new.
Makes me feel good to know that a lot of you have those kinds of bonds."
 Pahrem says, "Yeah well, get used to  it. You're part of the fam now so
you're gonna get to know a whole lot more about all of us."
 Leroy approaches with Sajina in tow wi th a smug smirk pulling at his lips.
The gargoyle now has a grey hood and a pair of magic pauldrons that shower
myriad sparkles over his shoulders. I don't have time to respond to Pahrem
before Leroy says, "We're good to go."
 I say, "Why do you look so satisfied?"
 He says, "It's not every day you get to spend that many points at once.
Meet our new mage."   He gestures to Sajina.
 Sajina says, "I'm still a bard."
 Leroy says, "What, you think as an artist you can only do one thing?"
 I ask, "Got your charismatic casting, then?"
 Leroy puts a hand on Sajina's sparkly shoulder, and says "You bet we did.
Once he gets used to using spells in combat, he's going to own."
 Sajina says, "I know the game says that charismatic casting is more like art,
but music's something I brought from the real world."
 I ask, "You're a musician?"
 The gargoyle says, "Working on my  doctorate, or at least I was."
 "Damn."  I say, "Not many real worl d doctors in here. What kind of music
do you play?"
 He says, "Everything. You name it."
 "Metal?" I ask, really wa nting to see this gargoyle skin bust out an electric
guitar.
 "Of course." He says, "You know Michael Bishop, better known as the
original base guitarist of GWAR, and later lead singer, had a PhD in music."
 "Damn, they've been around like... sixty or eighty years haven't they?"
 Sajina, sounding like a Metal scholar with his Indian accent says, "So long
as metal survives, GWAR will never die. They just keep recruiting members to
play the old characters. They only permanently retired one persona in the form of
Oderus Urungus when Dave Brockie died of a heroin overdose."
 I feel my eyes glazing over as I say, "I don't know who that is." Who dies of
drug overdoses anymore?
 Sajina shrugs, and says, "He's an old member. Suffice to say, my education
does not preclude me from rocking the hell out."
 "Good to know."  I say, "How do you feel about your spells?"
 Sajina says, "They'll take so me time to get used to."
 Leroy says, "You all ready?"
 Tako says, "We've been waiting on you."
 I look to Annette, Jason, and James, and say, "C'mon guys. We're movin'.
It's time to go." as I head out the gate.
 The guards give us a friendly "Farewell!" and "Safe travels." as we pass.
 Before summoning our mounts I catch Leroy by the elbow and say, "Do
you mind if I,"  I look to Pahrem and correct, "...we use your messenger when we
stop for a break? I'm still thinking about what to say. I'll pay the cost."
 Leroy says, "Yeah, what's up?"
 I  s a y ,  " T h e  r e a l  w o r l d  w i f e  o f  o n e  of our guild officers signed in a few
minutes ago, which makes her stuck here like  the rest of us. I've got a feeling he's
freaking out, so I want to send some words of support."
 Leroy shrugs, "He's still on cooldown for the discount rate, but if you can
wait no problem. If you want to send it  urgent, there's a fee for calling him back
too early."
 I wave my hand, "It can wait.  Like I said, I don't even know what I want to
write yet." I wave Pahrem over and say, "If there's anything you want to say to
Pehrom in a bit, Leroy's gonna let us use his messenger."
 The goblin says, "I'll think on it, but I think you're takin' it harder than
me." She shrugs, "Pehrom's a big boy.  He'll get ova it."
 I wave my middle finger in the ai r and call "INFERNO!!!" then pump my
fist in the air and say "Let's ride!"  All the elechoppers pop into existence, and in a
wave of heat that makes the air shimmer, Leroy calls his shrieking phoenix.
 Sajina's wings spread out behind hi m and he says, "I can fly now too. I
purchased the upgrade.  It's not just gliding, but take off and landing?"
 "Congrats, dude.  That could be use ful, especially as a caster. Can you fly
faster than 600%?"
 The gargoyle shakes his head, "Sorry. Not quite there yet, but I can hover."
 "Stick to the bikes for now then." I say,  "Still, congrats.  I wish I could fly."
 "Damn." He says, "I was looking forward to trying it out."
 I say, "There will be time later."
 Straddling my fire chopper, which I'm starting to think of as Big Red, with
Annette behind me, I check my map to make sure I know which direction I'm
going. A little pulse of light shows me wh ere we're positioned on the map, and  I
roll forward a few paces, and watch the do t move to make sure we're going the
right direction.  Yeah, I'm that bad at sensing where I'm going.
  I lift off the ground and switch over  to party chat to make conversation
easier. I say, "This is going to be a long ride."
 Frobod says, "How long do you think before they install a network of city
portals?"
 I say, "I'd give it six months to a year. They make  manual travel like this
mandatory for a time to force people to explore the world. Wouldn't be surprised
to discover as we stray farther from the ga te, we'll find something to take us back
to where we started."
 Pahrem says, "Charon. He's basically a portal."
 "Or that." I say, "Forcing us to ga ther Hades marks accomplishes the same
thing."
 I look beneath us, and the ground passes quickly beneath our wheels as we
advance toward Coldwash, where we'll m eet the Shroudmoon Express. I can see
occasional monsters, giant woodland creature s like bears and boars,  rustling in
brush a ways from the road, but traveling by  air is relatively safe in Freeh aven.
You only have to worry about the occasional hostile archer, and if you fly high
enough you're beyond the agro radius of most monsters. The only real exceptions
are capital cities where, if you're on their shit list, their bowmen will fire at
anything no matter how high up.
 Tako says, "This is go ing to take forever."
 I shrug and say, "Most people probab ly aren't rushing for the coast. Relax
and enjoy the wind in your face. Keep yo ur eyes peeled for anything that looks
interesting."
 Leroy says, "I'm recording this whole th ing, so be sure not to say anything
you don't want my wife hearing."
 Frobod says,  "Our whole chat is go ing to be in one of your videos?"
 "Nah." Leroy says, still looking ahea d, "She'll speed it up and put some
music over it. This is basically just a PoV Hades flyover to help people make sense
of their maps when they get here."
 Thinking of this as the real world I sa y, "If your butts ge t sore we'll take a
break."
 Frobod says, "I don't think that's gonna happen unless it's one of those
mysterious upgrades."
 I say, "Well then don't fall asleep. We  all know that's possible now with the
update."
 Tako says, "I'll try to resist, but it's gonna be tough. I mean, this isn't even
a real hell.  I haven't seen one demon the size of a sky scraper."
 I say, "Do you want to see a demon the size of a skyscraper?" putting heavy
enthuses on the word want. Silence drifts  between the tongues of air blowing in
our wake.  I turn my head to give him a look, "Do you?"
 "I'm thinking!" Tako says.
 Pahrem asks, "How is that not an automatic no?"
 Tako grumps, "It'd be a lot more inte resting than staring at trees and dirt
roads for the next three hours."
 Leroy says, "I'm with the rogue on this one. A giant demon would make
awesome footage. A new world boss to get everyone excited about."
 "Be careful what you wish for." I say,  "This game has the potential to be
way more accommodating than I'd like to admit."
 Frobod asks, "Is that insider dev stuff?"
 "No..." I say, "Just a gut feeling. When I was still working, Hades hadn't
even been discussed at the office."
 Leroy glances back over his shoulder  at me, but then returns his head
forward not wanting to mess up his PoV flight sequence.
 Tako asks,  "What's that mean?"
 "It means," I say, "Either another depa rtment was handling it in secret, or
we didn't make it."
 Frobod chokes on something imaginary that he wasn't even trying to
swallow. "You're telling me that this whole place could be Archangel's creation?"
 I shrug. "Look for buggy architecture, or missing textures.  Stuff to make it
less professional. We put everything we release through several rounds of QC
before it reaches customers, but independ ent developers aren't likely to be so
rigorous."
 Frobod frowns.  "I don't kn ow what to make of that."
 "If it's anything," I say, "I'm leanin g towards the secret department theory.
I haven't seen any screw ups."
 "That's comforting." Frobod says, not sounding comforted at all.
 "Hey, we're in Hades now."  I say.  "We've still got a job to do."
 Frobod looks as if he's  about to say "What job?"
 When Tako clarifies, "Rescue Mirae."
 Things go pretty quiet after that, with only occasional beats of idle
conversation. Our NPC passengers are silent  the whole time, if they'd wanted to
talk, without party chat, their voices wo uld be fast drowned in the wind. The
flight takes forever, though it's nice to ta ke in new scenery. The land is painted in
the reds, golds, and browns of autumn which makes me feel festive.
 Not much longer before Thanksgiving.
 I wonder if we'll still celebrate the continental turkey events, and have
access to all the seasonal quests. We had the annual Lagerfest, to correlate with
Oktoberfest in the real world, but that wa s before the update.  I'll admit to being
sad if, by being stuck in here, we'll also miss out on all the seasonal events.
 I say, "You think we'll still have Turkeyshoot this year?"
 T a k o  s a y s ,  " I  h o p e  s o .  I  c a n ' t  w a i t  t o  s e e  w h a t  P e h r o m  d o e s  w i t h  t h o s e
delicious fugly birds."
 I say, "Hey Leroy.  How'd you do  in the quick shoot last year?"
 Leroy answers without turning his head  back to face us, "Turkeygeddon."
 Tako says, "You have to ask? He's Leroy Jensen, of course he got the top
score."
 "Was just making conversation." I say,  my voice grows wistful. "I'm feeling
nostalgic for the holidays for some reason . Kinda odd since I'm such a loner. If
we're still in here, I want to do something special."
 "Incoming." Leroy says.
 "Huh?" I look around quickly, startled.
 No enemies in sight, but I see what he meant.  As if cut off by a force field,
an entire forest is enshrouded in murky gloom. It's as if someone drew a line in
the dirt, and on our side the sun shines, but on the other everything's tinted as if
the whole wood stands behind sunglasses. The type of trees changes too, from the
deciduous growths we've admired on the road , to dark shaded evergreens. It's as
if shade were a somehow tangible thing that could be contained in and poured
from a jar.
 Tako asks,  "Is this the Pret Forest?"
 I gradually slow my flight until I come to a complete stop with my map in
hand, and Big Red hanging in the air. I ch eck our location, and sure enough we're
hovering just beyond the boundary of Pret Forest. I nod to Tako.
 Frobod says, "So what's the plan?"
 Pahrem asks, "Any reason we can't just fly ova it?"
 Leroy says, "We can try, but I doubt it 'll be that easy. Why give a warning
and suggest the long way if we could just fly over?"
 Pahrem says, "Maybe ever yone else doesn't have flyin' mounts. I ain't seen
no one else flyin' since we got here."
 I say, "We also haven't seen any other players."
 Leroy says, "One person can try flying in and see if anything stops them.
If something attacks then we're here to res."
 Pahrem asks, "Who wants to go?"
 Frobod says, "I'll do it.  No point  risking one of you resers."
 Leroy asks, "Have at it then?" th en looks back to us, "Anyone need
anything before we go in?"
 I say, "I think we're good." as I pass a trail ration back to Annette and then
move around to give food to Jason and James.
 Pahrem clarifies.  "We're good."
 Leroy makes a flamboyant gesture wi t h  h i s  h a n d  t h a t  r e m i n d s  m e  o f  a
cartoon butler and seems to say 'After yo u.' Frobod glides forward, slow and
cautious  a mere 100% ground running sp eed. All our eyes follow his slow path,
and I feel my nerves stirring in anticipation.
 Suddenly, a voice sounds from below.  "What da hell?"  He pronounces the
word hell like 'heal.'  "You wanna die?"
 My eyes flash from Frobod to see an animated man wearing a bright
orange tunic, and baggy linen pants that are cut off half way between his knees
and ankles.  He has a thin black moustache, and a sma ll tuft of hair growing on
his chin.
 A few feet short of Frobod entering the forest I call "Hold up." and he stops.
Everyone except Frobod drops down to meet the little man,
 Leroy asks, "What's the problem?"
 He says, "This forest is no good for travelers, and you don't want to fly.
Pretty soon you'll fall down, an something'll eat you."
 Leroy asks, "Like what?"
 The man, named Chaun by his name pl ate, says "Lots of things. Not safe.
You need a guide to make it through to da otha side.  Take me. You no die.  100%
grantee. I know the best way, but have to hurry.  Almost dark."
 Leroy asks, "What happens after dark?"
 Chaun says, "Many ghosts change, and become more dangerous." Leroy,
sensing that this may be a lengthy discussion joins us on the ground.
 "You mean the pret?"  I ask.
 Chaun says, "Pret are fine. No proble m. People say they're dangerous, but
they're like big babies. They won't atta ck unless you tempt them. You should
worry about Krasue and Krahang. They'll mess you up."
 I say, "What do you want?"
 Chaun says, "100 Hades Marks. No prob lem. I'll take you.  Come out okay,
100% guaranteed."
 Suddenly reminded of my time hagglin g and living in Asia I say, "That's
ridiculous. We should be saving our marks for Charon.  We'll follow the road and
handle anything that comes for us."
 "Okay." Chaun says, "Your funeral, b ut since you're new here and don't
know. I'll give you the special price if you still want 50 marks.  Everyone can go.
Good?"

Haggling.
Manipulation + Commerce. Success!
(Caliber of Success: 4)
"Are you kidding me? My grandma knits better sweaters, and she's dead!"

Commerce skill increased by 1. Current level: 4

 "Twenty." I say. "That's being generous.  See that guy?"  I motion to Leroy.
"That's Leroy frickin' Jensen. He could solo this entire forest without breaking a
sweat. I'm just offering to pay so we can make our way faster."
 Leroy, playing along says,  "She 's right.  I probably could."
 Chaun grumbles something about bein g proud and too confident, and says,
"Okay 30 marks, but no more.  Less than that isn't worth it."
 "Done." I say. I fetch fifteen marks fr om inventory, and say "Fifteen now,
the rest when we're seen safely to the other side."
 Chaun greedily snatches the coins from my hand, and says "Okay let's go!"
He claps his hands and a bicycle bell 'ching ching' sounds as his mount appears; a
play on a Thai tuk-tuk, but instead of a motorcycle leading a covered seat for two
or three people, the rickshaw is guided by a simple bicycle.  The undercarriage
glows with an eerie magical lavender light that reminds me of LED underglow.
 Tako groans, "That's gonna be a slow ass mount."
 "Don't worry!" Chaun says, "We'll make good time."
 I look to Annette Jason and James, and say, "Why don't you ride with
Chaun.  That's gotta be more comfortable than riding doubles and if we need to
fight you'll be safely out of the way."
 Annette says,  "Thanks."
 As Jason and James settle into place with Annette sandwiched in the
middle,  James says, "This is so much more comfortable."
 Chaun looks to Tako and says, "See? Everyone's very happy."
 He doesn't take the bait, and I say, "Everyone on the ground. Let's move
out."

Chapter 15 -  Haunted

 Passing through the invisible barrier th at separates the main road from the
haunted forest is like stepping into a large tent with the distorted glow of sunlight
seeping through.  The air grows a touc h cooler, though not enough to make
anyone shiver, and everything dims. The trees  are so tall that it's not always easy
to catch a glimpse of the grey sky,  and the dirt road crumbles beneath our tires.
 "So far, so good." Frobod says. "Anyone see any ghosts?"
 Chaun looks back with a smirk and says, "You won't see  em' just yet."
 I ' m  s t a r t i n g  t o  w o n d e r  i f  h e ' s  a c t i n g  a s  a  t o u r  g u i d e ,  o r  s o m e o n e  w h o s e
looking out for our safety, and I can't tell which is better. Part of me wants to see
the foreign spirits.
 I say, "We were told that this plac e is crawling with foreign ghosts."
 Chaun says,  "Yes."  as he peddles, as if what I'd stated should be obvious.
 I continue, "How'd they get here."
 "Ah..." he says,  as if that answer ed an unspoken curiosity as to why I
spoke the obvious. "Two centuries ago, many ghosts migrated to New Hades from
southern and coastal Jade Necropoli seeking new fortunes and lifestyles ill
afforded them at home. Younger souls, accustomed to freedom in life, were ill
prepared for death under the rule of ancient feudal death lords, or  the Jade
Emperor who sacrificed thousands of mortal  souls in life, to escort him to the
afterlife."
 Frobod asks, "What's New Hades?"
 "I think it's like 'The New World' so the North American maps." I ask. "So
they were refugees?"
 Chaun shakes his head no. "We were colonists, much the same as the souls
of the West. At that time, few regions of this part of High and  Low Hades were
inhabited."
 "We?" Frobod asks.
 Chaun says, "Those of us who can't or won't reincarnate."
 "I see..." I say, as I take in our surr oundings.  The ride is much slower than
expected due to Chaun's sluggish ricksh aw. The trees cast shadows that creep
long like gnarled fingers as the sun de scends. A woman's laugh rings through the
trees. It's a sound that straddles the line between mirth and cruelty.
 I look, but can't find the source. Frobod  tightens his grip on his handlebars,
and one of Tako's hands strays toward the hilt of his dagger.
 Pahrem asks, "What's that?"
 Chaun says, "Ghosts." as if it were no matter.
 A whirling  shape like a human heli copter descends from above. It spins
round and round so fast I feel myself growing second hand dizzy. It touches down
some thirty paces ahead; an old half  naked man, and a small young woman
clinging to his back like an improbable backpack. His eyes are shielded by a pair
of green tinted, bug-eyed, aviator goggles.
 Chaun says, "Gik! Go away.  No one has time for you. I have customers."
 The woman laughs, a bit under five f eet tall, tanned skinned, with shiny
braided black hair. She taps her index finger  to her lip in an over the top 'I'm too
cute.'  'Who me?' expression, and grins.
 We roll to a stop a few paces away.
 "I just wanted to...." Gik explodes into motion, closing with Tako faster
than I can think to equip Bite. She does n't attack, and instead pushes her sweet
little face into his neck, and inhales deep ly.  "... meet your friends. Especially
when they smell so lovely."
 I'm surprised he didn't stick her with that dagger.
 "Gik." Chaun warns. "These ar e customers. Be gone now!"
 The older man, the one who'd been givi ng the piggy back clears his throat
uncomfortably. Like Gik, he's small of fram e. Unlike the girl, he's clad in nothing
but a loin cloth a scraggly white beard,  and a constellation of brown moles
decorating his body. Now that he's stationary I can see  he has a pair of long flat
rice baskets strapped to his arms that act like wings... or blades of a propeller.
 Gik pouts.  "You're never fun."
 Chaun says, "The night's coming.  I don't want to see you when it does."
 "Fine." Gik huffs. "Let's go. I didn't want to talk to them anyway."
 She loops around and leaps on the flyi ng man's back, clinging to him like
she's climbing a palm tree. He flaps his ar ms like wings, and then begins to spin
faster and faster, floating off the ground like a hover craft. In a hand full of
seconds, the pair disappear within the evergreen branches above.
 Chaun sighs, "You'll want to stay aw ay from them.  Let's keep going."
 A rustle sounds in the tree tops,  as  Gik and her eccentric, quiet companion
disappear within the branches.
 Tako says, "They didn 't seem that bad."
 The sound of retreating wome n's laughter fills the air.
 Chaun grumbles, "That's 'cause you don't know her 'same as I do."
 Pahrem says, "I like the old guy's goggles. "
 Chaun, fidgeting with the grips of hi s handlebars says, "Keep going. I don't
want night with them about."
 Leroy says, "Let's go."
 Chaun says, "Good, good.  Now we go."
 Our guide's a lot less chatty after th e encounter, as he leads us down the
long, vacant forest road.  Aside from our run in with the laughing woman, there's
not an NPC to be found, though my stom ach twists every time I look into the
brush, like it expects the lengthening shadows to leap up and grab me.
 Forty-five minutes into the ride, I say, more to calm my nerves than honest
inquiry, "It's a lot quieter than I imagined."
 Chaun says, "That's because you have me."
 Frobod says, "I'll call that a good thing."
 Something moves in the trees ahead— dark, tall and monstrous. At first I
think it's my imagination, but my eyes lo ck in on a shape that must be twenty...
twenty five feet tall.  It has long, thin , grotesque arms, and skeletal hands with
knobby fingers.  It's legs are pencil thin and anorexic with bony bulbs at the knees.
 "Incoming."  I say with unrest in my voice. Frobod pulls his greatsword
from his back, and Tako equips his dagger.
 Chaun looks back when I speak, and unleashes an indignant scoff as he
slows his bike.
 "What're you doing? It's just  pret. You don't need weapons."
 The armed members of our party exchange looks.
 "They won't attack us?" Leroy asks.
 "Not if you don't make the pr et angry first." Chaun says.
 Frobod reluctantly returns his sw ord to his back, and our procession
continues a little ways down the road. Ch aun stops at a clearing no more than
twenty paces from the massive creatures. Now that we're close, I can better make
out their figures—tall, dark, with horridly thin brittle limbs and enormous
distended bellies. A few of the creatures  take note, and begin to lumber our
direction.
 Chaun says, "If you want, you can sh ow kindness to pret. They are very
hungry. I can magic food for you so you can feed them. No problem. 1 mark for
one person."
 Sajina, quiet until now, says, "Are those ghosts?"
 Chaun says, "Yes. Very tall ghosts."
 I ask, "How did they get that way?"
 "They were vain." Chaun explains. "Sel fish when alive. Now they can't eat
because pret  mouths are so small. That's why you should show kindness to pret."
The warning in those words is not lost on me.

The following quest is now available.

Quest - Showing Kindness to Pret
Difficulty: Easy

Your guide has provided you with the opportunity to show mercy, and
forgiveness to these eternally starving s ouls who were selfish in life. In
doing so, you become unlikely to suffer the same fate.

This quest may be repeated once per day.

Objectives:
Feed Pret   0/10

Rewards:
+500 Reputation - Pret Forest (First Time)
+200 Reputation - Pret Forest (Subsequent Completions)

 I choose 'yes," and say, "Did you all get the quest?"
 Leroy says, "Got it."
 Sajina says, "I got it too."
 Pahrem says, "I think we all did."
 "Good."  I say, "Might as well do it while we're here."
 I look up from my VT and discover that more of the giant creatures have
gathered, forming a half circle around us . Massive skeletal hands press together
in a Thai wai greeting, freakishly larg e heads with sunken black eyes within
shadow skin bow as if in prayer. Their bulbous foreheads nearly touch boney
black fingers.
 I pass Chaun a Hades Mark for each person in our party, and he begins
chanting an incantation in an unfamili ar language. He makes large sweeping
circular motions with his arms as if sti rring a caldron of soup.  Green, brown and
white magic hangs in the air, until it conde nses into a long trough filled with pale
unappetizing gruel.
 The first of the Pret, falls to it's rick ety  knees, and creeps to the food on all
fours, as it draws closer, I'm shocked to s ee that the hole for it 's mouth is the size
of a popcorn kernel.  It dips it's face in the mush, and sucks what it can through
the minuscule opening in it's bolder sized head.
 Another pret joins it and another and another.  I check the quest prompt,
to see that each ghost that joins the feast raises the co mpletion counter by one.
It's peaceful, they're so quiet in their consumption, and yet infinitely sad at the
same time. I'm trying to imagine what it must be like to starve eternally without
the release of dying.
 Chaun says, "They say thank you," but I've heard no words from the large
ghosts. I wonder, with such tiny mouths, how they can speak at all.
 More pret are coming, but there's no room for extra heads in the trough.
One of the new comers shrieks in rage, a high pitch whistling sound that hurts my
ears. Without thinking I adopt a defensiv e stance, but massive hands grab one of
the feeding ghosts by the neck, and slam s it's forehead into the side of the
container.  It kicks the other pret in th e ribs once, twice, three times. Ghostly
bones crack under the impact. Then, as if nothing happened, the violent pret uses
the victim's lifeless body as a cushion to kneel upon and consume its dinner.
 Chaun says, "Okay. You showed kind ness. We should go. Getting dark
now."
 I realize he's right.  My half-elven low light vision has prevented me from
recognizing how late it's become.

You have completed the quest Showing Kindness to Pret
You have been awarded:
+500 Reputation (Pret Forest)

Current reputation:
500/1000 (Neutral)

 Sajina surprises me as  he sings "Iluminatus!" casting a light spell on
himself. His rocky body glow s with inner light that th at illuminates our path. I
look him over, give an enthusiastic thumbs up, and say "Get your magic on."
 We're now back on the road riding through considerably darker terrain.
The sky, when we can see it, is a dark blue which tells me that the sun is soon to
set. Even though it's not full night, Sajina, and elechopper headlights brighten the
way.
 Leroy asks, "How much farther?"
 Chaun says, "Maybe one hour to the edge of the forest if there's no
stopping."
 "Works for me."  I say, keeping my eyes ahead.  Somehow focusing on the
dirt road makes our environment less eerie.  It's only when I look off to the side
imagining the unknowable de nizens that could be lurk ing in the sh adows that I
feel uncomfortable.
 Familiar laughter sounds around us . Chaun curses in a low rumble, and
shouts, "I said go!" Young lady laughter sounds again.
 Chaun looks over his shoulder and says, "This time I think weapons are
okay."
 Gik and her silent companion land in the street, and protrudes a pouty lip.
"I thought you might be in a better mood  after feeding the Pret. Won't you share
them with us? There's so ma ny, and they smell... so... good. Not like a baby or a
mother but still very much alive."
 "Errr..." Tako says, "That's not cr eepy." He unsheathes his dagger.
 Chaun says, "Hurry! Sun's almost gone. Get ready!"
 Frobod, not seeing the threat compa red to the violent Pret, shrugs, and
readies his greatsword. Leroy dismounts,  hefts his war hammer, and says, "You
tank?"
 I say, "Uhmm... Sure." not quite knowing what to expect. I take Bite in
hand and ready myself for an incoming attack.
  Gik's highlighted in Big Red's headlight.  She smiles, and then falls to her
knees as if stabbed in the back, her face cast in a dead vacant expression. Then, as
if cut by magic, her head falls from her shoulders  to the ground. It rolls across
the dirt path.
 Her male companion now glows with  pale fairy light, and his teeth
elongate into a mouth full of ugly crocodile fangs. Gik's head starts to glimmer in
a cloud of magic light, and a snake of gl owing vapor connects her severed neck to
her body.  I expect it to magically reattach itself, but I'm wrong.
 Her jaw snaps against the ground like a snarling zombie. As if attached to
a string Gik's organs begin pulling out of the neck hole in her body, creeping
along the streamer of light beneath the severed head. First the lungs... then the
stomach...  intestines... Each new internal  organ that emerges causes Gik's head
to rise a higher off the ground like an inflating balloon. Her face hovers, smiling
as brilliantly as when we first met, floa ting viscera dangle beneath in her strange
glowing light.
 Chaun says, "Why are you waiting?  Take them down!"
 That's good enough for me. Gik lunges  for Tako, her flying entrails lash
around her in a whip of gore.  He's fast en ough to get out of the way,  I spin bite,
and bash her right in the forehead. An arc of lightning jumps from Gik to her
toothy companion.
 Gik wails, a terrible sound that makes my bones quiver.

Horror.
Resist:  Willpower.
Caliber of success:  3
Resist Successful

 Frobod, Tako, Pahrem, and Sajina turn tail and run, bolting away from Gik
in the direction from which we came. A sh rieking face icon that reminds me of
Edvard Munch's "The Scream" painting hovers over their heads, pulsing in violet
light. Leroy and I keep our cool, but the sound's still unnerving.
 The male swipes at me with a now cl awed hand, and I easily evade. I swing
bite, but it's electrified butt finds only air as Gik dips out of the way. She counters,
I dodge. A little number two icon appears in the top right hand corner of my
vision from my boots.
 Leroy comes in with a powerful smas h set to bust her skull.  CRUNCH,
Gik's health drops by thirty percent. I strike with Bite, but barely connect.
Electricity jumps, taunting, between them.
 My heart's beating fast. I've never face d a creature like this.  I'm wondering
if all Gik can do is scream and bite, when  her floating head rears up, organs pull
back, and then spring at me like a whip. I try to parry, but her guts plow past my
stave, and sling three times around me li ke a fleshy grapplin g hook. Electricity
leaps from my feet along the length of her entrails, to her hungry face, but she
holds fast, constricting. I'm trying not to think about the fact that I'm grappled by
intestines.
 The male ghost, whatever he is, come s at me with another claw strike, but
restrained as I am, there's little I can do to resist.  Direct hit.  I soak up all but two
of the damage with stamina. Gik's floati n g  h e a d  c o m e s  i n  f o r  a  b i t e  l i k e  a  b o a
constrictor, I struggle in her grasp, and manage to intercept her face with a nasty
head butt.  Stars swim in my vision.
 As if that weren't bad enough, the cloud of magic surrounding Gik's
floating organs, pulses momentarily brig hter, and an ugly soreness blossoms in
my head far beyond what my head butt could account for.  My health falls, I'm
n o w  d o w n  t o  4 0 % ,   w h i l e  G i k ' s  h e a l t h  r i s e s  t o  1 0 0 .   Bloody ghosts have more
health than mortals.
 Leroy comes in with a thunderous wa r hammer smash that sends the male
flying. How far are the other's fleeing?  Gik tightens her grasp in a way that
makes me lose ten more perc ent of my health, then comes in for another bite.
She doesn't connect because Leroy catc hes her jaw in another swipe of his
massive hammer. Her guts loosen around me, and I squirm free. Gross. I want to
take a shower. Gik health: 70%.  Weird Dude Health: 60%.
 I drop into full defense mode, and wait for incoming attacks. I'm expecting
them to sweep in at the same time when I hear Sajina sing a long wide mouthed
note like an opera singer. The scent of Ozone fills the air. KA-KRACK!  A blinding
blue-white pillar of electricity drops on th e flying man like the finger of God.
Little streamers of smoke rise from his body .  In spite of the damage.  He's still
got 20% health left.
 H e  s p i n s  i n  p l a c e  l i k e  a  h e l i c o p t e r ,  a n d  b e g i n s  t o  r i s e .  A  f l i c k  o f  T a k o ' s
wrist, and his core mass is ventilated by  a thrown blade. He plummets to the
earth. Now there's just Gik, whose entrails  are flapping in an imaginary wind like
a gruesome banner. Frobod comes in with his great sword and chops.  A length of
gore drops to the road, but her lungs are still contracting and expanding. Sajina
looses a volley of mage bolts which hammer those lungs with a whistle "Pop! Pop!
Pop!" sound that reminds me of bottle rockets. Leroy smashes her in the forehead.
In a hollow, ghostly wail, Gik's face and lungs fall to the earth..
 Gik health: 0%
 Pahrem whines.  "C'mon guys. You ai n't givin' me nothin' to do here."
 I raise an index finger, noting my low health and throbbing in my head,
"I've got wounds."
 Pahrem says, "Yeah, but you're tank. You're supposed to have wounds."  As
she says this, the goblin waves her big green hands in a practiced gesture that
encases me in a bubble of golden healing. My health ticks up... 35%, 40%.... 55%...
80%.  "It's not like you were close to dyin'."
 I groan and say "For me anything less than 40% is close to dying."
 Pahrem teases with playfulness ente ring her voice, "C'mon. You almost
never get hit."
 I say, "In any case, world mobs are less interesting."
 Frobod says, "You think a floating he ad with all her guts hanging out isn't
interesting?"
 "Ahh..." I backtrack, "I mean the cha llenge level isn't as high." I look to
Tako and ask, "How's the loot?"
 He says, "Crap. Two gold and 3 marks between both of them."
 Leroy says, "Yeah, but she did have that draining health thing.  I wonder if
all ghosts can do it."
 I say, "Speaking as the person who ha s been on the receiving end of that
ability a few times now, it's not really a life  drain as we're used to thinking of it.
With Exsanguinator, for example, it c uts, does more damage and I'm healed.
With the ghosts, it's more like they're tr ansferring wounds to people.  When I'm
hit with it, it's like I'm suddenly damaged in the same places that you all had been
striking in combat."
 Leroy says, "Good information. I'll be sure to include it in the vid so people
know what to expect. If you've got a fire weakness, it might not be a good idea for
someone in your group to hit ghosts with  fire." He pauses, and then continues.
"Still, the fight wasn't that bad. They'll probably give people trouble if they come
through here solo, but for a group as big as ours, piece of cake."
 Chaun, sounding offended, says "It'd be  a lot worse if I weren't here to help
you. We don't take kindly to unaccompanied strangers."
 Tako, sounding skeptical, says, "Gotta  earn that coin somehow. We'll take
your word for it."
 Chaun says, "We should go before so meone else smells you and wants to
eat."
 Leroy asks, "What were they?"
 Chaun says, " She's krasue, he's krahang. I told you before, they'll mess you
up, but only at night so lets go."
 B e i n g s  s t i r  i n  t h e  b r u s h  a s  w e  p a s s ,  b u t  n o n e  a r e  s o  b o l d  a s  t o  a t t a c k .
Occasional tall, looming figures peer o ut from between the trees. I can only
assume they're pret. Contrary to Chaun's earlier proclamations, it takes nearly an
hour and a half to reach the western border of the Pret Forest.
 Chaun dismounts and cracks his neck . Annette, Jason and James file out
of his vehicle.
 "Deal's a deal." I say, and pass him the 15 remaining Hades marks of his
payment.
 Chaun says, "My back hurts. Would you mind rubbing it for me?"
 "Uhmm..."  I hesitate.
 Tako says, "We're kind of in a hurry."
 Chaun strips off his shirt and says, "Just for a minute."
 Frobod sighs, and says "Fine." No doubt hoping to pick up a hidden quest
from it. He strips off his gauntlets and Chaun turns. I can't see him because
Frobod's in the way, but by the way he, Leroy and Tako all groan "Ugh!"  at the
same time I can bet they've just seen something nasty. Pahrem, able to see no
better than I says, "What is it?" as Chaun begins cackling.
 Frobod asks, "Is that supposed to be a joke."
 Chaun is now slapping his knee like he 's just heard the funniest joke ever.
  I nudge the death knight out of the way to get a better look and discover a
giant gaping wound in our guide's back ripe  with festering flesh. A whiff of decay
p u n c h e s  m e  i n  t h e  f a c e  a s  m i l l i p e d e s ,  m a g g o t s ,  a n d  t i n y  w o r m s  b u r r o w  i n  h i s
flesh.
 I say, "Awe.. dude...  That's just nast y." and turn my head to avoid sicking
up.
 Tako says, "Let's get out of here. Ain' t no one got time for stank ass backs."
 Pahrem, only now getting her peek says, "Whoa! Man... What the hell are
you on about?"
 Chaun's shoulders shake under the weig ht of all his laughter, as he gasps
for air. "Come again!"
 As we mount up, and ride pass, I say, "Not cool dude. Not cool."

Chapter 16 -  Coldwash

 It feels nice to be out of that ghastl y forest. As soon as we cross the border
into normal High Hades, the sky brightens and fills with a champagne of
glittering stars.  The road ahead is about as clear as the sky.
 Frobod asks, "Carry on, or you want to camp around here for the night?"
 As much as I'm charmed by the pros pect of sleeping beneath this lovely
sky, I shake my head, and say "Keep going. I just want to wake up and get on the
train. Better not to risk any delays on the way."
 Leroy says, "I agree with Mel. We're almost there, and  it's better not to
risk getting sidetracked."
 A quick survey of our party tells me there are no objections, so I rev Big
Red's engine and lift off the ground. I confirm our direction on the map and begin
flying with everyone in toe. Once again,  I'm sharing my bike with Annette  who's
less than talkative in the wind, but that's  okay because I'm feeling entranced by
the night sky as I often do during quiet n octurnal rides.  It's dark so there's not
much to look at below besides street lanterns, which serve as navigational
beacons, and the sky.
 I know we're approaching Coldwash, beca use like most cities, it stands out
as a dome of light in the distance. Alre ady it feels more developed than Ashe
March due to it's tall buildings and size.
 I say, "Let's enter on the ground  so we can talk to the guards."
 No one expresses an objection, so I land my bike, and the rest of the group
follows. Two men, one skinny, the other built like a heavyweight champion man
the gate in steel armor. At first I think the big one is wearing a helm, but as I draw
closer I realize the smooth bowling ball sh ape atop his torso is his actual head,
and he has no eyes or even eye sockets.  A giant mouth splits  his melon like the
human incarnation of pack man with only to small holes above his upper lip for a
nose.  I check his name plate for more information. "Mouth" is his name, and he's
just a wraith like any other.  No subrace attached.
 I must be staring, because the smalle r guard with brunette hair, and limp
tentacle things hanging off his chin inst ead of a beard asks, "First time in the
city?" His name's Tod.
 I reluctantly give Tod my attention, not wanting to take my eyes off of
Mouth and say, "Yeah... How could you tell?"
 "You're staring."  He says.
 A low rumble of words rolls off Mouth, "Half the city's been fluxed." He
enunciates every word making his appearance that much more creepy.
 "Fluxed?" Leroy asks.
 Tod says, "By the Shapers. Got a major hall in town."
 Mouth clarifies, "Your bodies are like  clay." He takes a moment to examine
us, though how he's able to see without ey es is a wonder,  "Well, maybe not your
bodies. We don't see the living very often."
 Frobod says, "So this is like... extreme body modification?"
 Leroy asks, "Can you turn your limb s and flesh into weapons and armor?"
 Mouth smiles and says, "Easily ... Though we don't have flesh."
 Leroy looks impressed, glances at me, and says, "That's some cool shit.
Like a druid but less feral."
 I say, "Some Vampires can do similar stuff with living and undead bodies.
It's how they make the Once Men." Peering past the gates into the city, which
must be packed with NPCs by day I think,  "Never seen this kind of power used
on such a large scale before though."
 Returning my attention to Tod I ask, "Is there an place we can get a room?
We're working security for the Shroudmoon Express and want to rest up first. We
also have to find the place to catch the train."
 Mouth says, "Give me your map and I'll mark it for you."
 I hand it over, and with two touches of his plated index finger red dots
appear on my map, before he hands it back.
 I say, "Thanks for that. It's been a long ride and I don't think anyone was
looking forward to wandering without directions."
 Mouth says, "My pleasure." As strange as  it is to think, the unease inspired
by the guards' alien appearances erodes with Mouth and Tod acting so ordinary. I
imagine that after spending a few ho urs in Coldwash most people become
desensitized to everyone's sculpted visages.
 Leroy asks, "Ready to go?"
 I say, "Yeah."
 Mouth says, "Welcome to Coldwash."
 The first thing that strikes me after walking through the gate is that
everything's made of stone like a proper  capital city, unlike the more rustic
architecture we've encountered in villages.  Watch towers rise high along the
perimeter of the settlement, and a few spir es deeper in the city remind me of
mage towers in Durolan. The streets under foot and wheel have proper cobbles as
opposed to just dirt.
 The Boneflower Inn isn't too hard to  find. In less than eight minutes of
entering the gate we're pulling up in front of a cozy little building like a real world
bed and breakfast. The door's propped open with a large grey stone, and a
welcoming yellow light spills out on to th e street.  We dismount, and I dispel our
bikes with a series of 'Bloop boops!'
 Clean, albeit weathered wooden floor boards creak under our feet when we
enter. A male voice calls, "Just a moment ! I'll be right with you." from a room
behind the front desk. He sounds friendly . A lively hearth fire crackles in the
front hall, and fills the room with warmth and charm.
 A moments later, a man with human eyes  set in an entirely skeletal face
emerges wearing a bold wool sweater, an d a black skullcap... No pun intended, at
least I don't think.
 Trying not to stare, I say "Tod told us this was a place we could get a good
night's sleep."
 "Aye, it is."  He says, "If you've go t the coin to pay. Will that be marks or
gold?"
 "Gold."  I say. "We're saving our marks."
 "How many rooms?"
 I hesitate looking over everyone in th e group, when he adds, "There's also
a dormitory with ten beds if you don't mind sharing."
 Leroy says, "That'll be fine. We're just here to catch up on sleep before we
leave tomorrow."
 I say, "No food or drink. Just our beds." and fish out my coin purse and
settle our account.  The cost is only about ten percent more than I'd expect to pay
in Athelon which is impressive since the prices often increase exponentially when
new content is released.
 The innkeeper says, "Just th is way..." and leads us to the end of the hall  on
the second floor with a black metal key in  his hand. As when we entered, the
floorboards squeak under our clunky footst eps. "Basic room. No frills. Just the
beds you asked for."
 "Perfect." I say, as I enter. "Who wants a top bunk?"
 "I'm beat." Frobod says, staring down  at his VT. With a few taps of his
finger, his armor vanishes and is replaced with a lose fitting tunic. "I don't care. I
just want to go to bed."
  I sit on a lower bunk, and fast change  my clothes into something similar.
"Everyone good?" I ask.
 Tako says, "We good."
 The pillow beneath my head, and blan ket weighing on my body, makes my
body heavy and lethargic.

You are in bed.
Would you like to sleep? Yes / No


Chapter 17 -  All Aboard the Shroudmoon Express

 My eyes flutter open exactly six hours following the prompt. Leroy's
snoring. A few minutes after that, Tako stir s and sits up in a top bunk.  He gives
me a reverse nod as if to say "Ey!" like the Fonz. His eyes point to the doorway, he
cocks his head, and I nod.
 Creak, thump, squeak as we make our way down to floor one.
 The innkeeper says, "I trus t your night was restful."
 I say, "It was... very.  Thanks."
 "If there's anything I can get for you before you go...."
 I shake my head. "Not yet, just figuri ng out what to do next." I consider the
Thunderlord quest, and follow "Actually...  If there's a temple of Sune, or many
gods around here I'd like to make my devotions."
 The innkeeper says, "We have both in Coldwash. Which do you prefer?"
 "Sune."  I say.
 I pull out my map and he sa ys, "I'll mark it for you."
 Tako says, "Oh I get it. Just gonna le ave me all alone here. You only think
about yourself."
 I say, "It's for the Thunderlord quest.  This is how I become a Paladin."
 "I get it." Tako says, "I'm just fucking with you."
 I say, "It won't take too long.  After that, I want to write a letter to Pehrom
so Leroy can use his messenger. I'm sure th ere's interesting stuff to see in town."
Tako chews on a stick of jerky and my st omach rumbles.  "Good idea. Seems like
I've been forgetting to eat until someone reminds me."
 He says, "I can't wait to get back home so we can eat some real food."
 "Which one?"  I ask.  "Real world, or Cupcake Keep?"
 "Either." Tako says. "Take your pick. I can only eat so much jerky before I
start craving a goblin burger."
 I say, "I'm glad we even have that."
 Tako says, "Hard to believe we're goin g to see Mirae. It feels like a year
since she disappeared."
 I eye him skeptically. "It's only been like two weeks. Not even."
 Tako says, "You're not listening.  I sa id it FEELS like a year. I thought men
were supposed to be the inattentive ones."
 "Ha-ha."  I say in a deadpan voice, then continue in my normal tone, "...
but yeah. It'll be good to see her and ge t her back. She must be bored out of her
mind. I wonder why she ended up here, instead of Haven like most of the other
people."
 Tako says, in a sagely voice,  "The world may never know."
 "Alright."  I say, "Time to go pay Sune a visit. Tell everyone to meet at the
train station when they wake up."
 Tako says, "Who am I, the new Alfred?"
 The innkeeper, forgotten until now says "I will tell them."
 Nice to know he's been eves dropping.
 Speaking to both Tako and the Innkeeper, I say "Rendezvous at four
o'clock.  That should give us enough time to find who we need to talk to and get
set up before departure."
 The man with the skull face says, "Noted."
 I look to Tako and say, "I don't need a new Alfred."
* * * * *
 The sun hits me full force in the face  when I step outside The Boneflower. I
squint to block out the mid day light while my eyes adjust. The street bustles with
ghosts of every shape and size.
 As a man nearly walks into me, m uttering, "My apologies miss." I come to
realize what the Ashe March guards meant by people not batting an eye at
Sajina's appearance. The guy who just about knocked me over could almost be a
gargoyle himself with his wide mouth, horned head, and clawed fingers.  His
features even look a bit rocky.
 A woman across the street has angel wings, and empty eye sockets. Mouth
wasn't wrong. A huge number of Coldwash citizens seem to have been modified
from the standard human form ghost template. Monsters everywhere, doing
mundane things; selling spectral bread from ghostly carts, sweeping the streets,
and having their hair cut through the window of a barbershop by a barber who
has knives instead of fingers.
 I decide to walk since I've got time to burn before everyone's up, but even
so it doesn't take long to get to Sune's temple. Like the one in Durolan, there's a
wind chime and sky blue color theme, unlike Durolan, as many chimes are made
of sea shells, bone, and hollow tubes of wood as are made of metal.
 I don't see a priest selling incense like  Ariel, so I begin a conversation with
myself and whatever force might be listening.
 "Is anyone there?"
 No response.  Wind chimes jangle, but no more than I'd expect. Part of me
expects a full body apparition of... something. Sune? Someone else?  It seems like
every time I go to make these prayers I feel like someone's watching. Do alters
have eyes?
 I place several sticks of incense on th e alter, and press my forehead to the
stone the first priest of Sune gave me.

You are praying.  Do you want to of fer tribute to Sune , God of Lightning
and Travel?   Yes / No

 I choose yes.
 The wind stirs, and thunder rumbles in the distance. The Blessed buff
appears in the top right hand corner of my vision.

Blessed
Sune favors you.
+1 Stamina
+1 Vigilance
You've earned the respect of Sune's clergy.
Duration:  24 hours

 I hear something in the wind, but it's not a man.  As the wind blows harder,
I close my eyes and try hard to focus on my sense of sound.

Listening
Perception + Vigilance. Success!
(Caliber of Success: 2)
"I hear em' coming."

Vigilance skill increased by 1. Current level: 5

 "I shouldn't play favorites."  That  was. a woman... and somehow familiar,
but I can't place it. Certainly not the Lord of Lightning. The voice was so
indistinct, it almost seems like my imag ination. The wind rustles again, melodic
chimes sound. "I miss you."
 A chill bites that has noth ing to do with the wind.
* * * * *
 Praying done, I find myself a tree with in a park where spectral birds tweet,
and a pair of ghost lovers touch lips over  a picnic basket on a red quilt beside a
manmade pond. I'm about to sit down when I'm hit in the neck with a hacky sack.
Where'd it come from?
 A couple of kids, one a boy with dark  brown vest and khaki britches, the
other naked but sculpted, fluxed as Mouth called it, to look like a walking tree
start laughing. I bend down, pick it up and examine it in my hand. It's a small
brown lump like a giant truffle, unlike the colorful hacky sacks of Earth.  The tree
boy looks abashed as he says "Sorry," but the other kid continues to giggle and
snort.
 I say, "No problem." and toss it back. The human looking ghost taps it with
his knee, catches it with his foot, and serves  it to the tree-boy. I wonder if they're
playing with it because they like it, or if they're forced to action by a routine set to
have them kick that thing around every day in the same exact spot. With all the
changes, at what point do NPCs establish their own free will?
 I'm now sitting with my back against the tree watching the lovers, and kids
who are back to kicking the small bag of ri ce or sand back and forth about twenty
paces away. It's nice to do nothing for a while. Since the meeting at the Lodge of
Arcanum I've felt constantly on the move . I take a deep breath, and savor the
embrace of clean High Hades air passing through my nose and into my lungs. I
can almost believe it's real.
 Who could be missing me?
 Mirae's the obvious choice, but it doesn't feel right. For one thing, she's not
a disembodied voice, and she knows we'r e coming, and what does she have to
play favorites over?
  I doze for a time, not truly asleep, b ut resting with my eyes clothes and the
sensation of tree bark pressing into my scalp. The world feels slow. I can't find
any answers. I sigh, pull out my VT an d pick a pen and parchment from my
inventory.

Pehrom -

The quest is going well. We should have Mirae in a couple days, and after that
it's just a matter of gettin g out of Hades and back to Durolan. We've seen her in
a scrying pool, and she looks good.

I heard about your wife. I ho pe you're all okay. She is, of course, welcome in the
guild but I guess you already know that since you invited her. What's going on?
What were those gargoyles, and who were a ll the people in the banquet hall?  Is
this about Dragonsbane, or is there something else going on that I need to know
about?

Glad you're holding down the fort. If yo u need anything, we'll be here for you
when we get back.  I look forward to meeting your wife.

- M
 I read over it several times. It feels ve ry plain, and yet what else is there to
say? My condolences? Seems out of place for a reunion, and Pahrem's right he's
not one for brooding. I fold the paper, and stick it in an envelope for later delivery.
From now until we meet, I'm content to just sit back, enjoy the shade and wait.
* * * * *
 It's after four and I'm sitting on a bench outside the train station waiting
for the last of our group to show up. When Leroy and Sajina approach I know
we're ready to go.
 I say, "Everyone ready?"
 Frobod says, "We're here, aren't we?"
 " G o o d . "  I  s a y .  " I  h a v e  n o  i d e a  i f  o n c e  I  t a l k  t o  s o m e o n e  i t ' l l  i m m e d i a t e l y
start the next phase of the quest."
 Sajina asks, "Who do we talk to?"
 I shrug and say, "That's why we're here early."
 Leroy says, "Might as well st art with the ticket counter."
 I say, "Before I forget. Send this to Pehrom when you get a chance."  I pass
him my letter.
 He says, "I'll do it when we get settled in."
 There's a little stone booth with bars over windows and a sign that says
"Tickets" in bold red letters.
 A bespectacled bald man sits at the window in a wooly black sweater. He's
human in appearance save for harsh, re d, train wheel patterns that have been
branded on his cheeks. He says, "If you're  going to Athelon Necropolis, the next
available seats are in 13 days for coach, and 8 for first class."
 "We're not here to pu rchase tickets." I say.
 He adjusts his glasses as if turning a knob on a microscope to get a better
look at us. He says, in a polite, albeit skeptical voice, "Then how may I help you?"
 I say, "I think we're here to see your boss." He doesn't say anything, but his
right eyebrow creeps higher on his head . "We've taken a contract and will be
working Shroudmoon Express security." I pause, Well... Security and I guess he's
entertainment." I motion to Sajina.
 The clerk says, "Why didn't you say so?  Do you have papers?"
 I fish the document Milnus gave me out of inventory and pass it through
the bars of the window. Sajina steps forward and presents a similar document.
The man's eyes flicker back and forth as he  reads the text before reaching behind
his desk and depositing a tent shaped "Back in 10 Minutes" sign on his side of the
counter.
 He stands, turns, and sa ys, "Meet me in back."
 Before we can meet behind the ticket booth he calls, "Conductor Watts!
Your new hires are here."
 We walk around the stone building to discover the clerk waving down a tall,
lanky man in a black vested suit with gold buttons and a pocket watch chain
dangling in an inverted rainbow. His bl ack, yellow banded hat is much the same
as any conductor's hat I've seen over the years, save for a crest depicting a dark
crescent moon and the image of a skull. It catches me by surprise because it's
Freeworld garb, albeit old fashioned.
 The second surprise is when he sp eaks. His voice is good natured. I'd
expected him to be all business, someth ing about the stuffy attire, but his words
are warm and welcoming.
 Watts says, "I'm glad to see you've  come early." a train hisses a steamy
gasp from the other side of the station, a bell tolls to announce its arrival. I hadn't
noticed the tracks before.  It rolls to a slow stop sporting an eclectic assortment of
cars. Three in a row look like they could  have come right off Seattle's Light Link
railroad, but after there's an antiquated ca r that looks like it belongs in an old
time western movie filled with horse riding  bandits calling for everyone to 'stick
em' up,' and a brown behemoth with a slighting door that seems more
appropriate for a freight train.
 I must be gawking because Watts asks, "Is this your first time?"
 I nod yes, "Train's here for cleaning , so why don't I give y'all a tour?"
 "That'd be great."  I say.
 Leroy notes, "The cars seem a little mismatched."
 Watts smiles as if Leroy had touched on a point of pride, "How much do
y'all know about the Shroudmoon express."
 "It's a train." Frobod says, "Travels between High and Low Hades, with
rumors that it also appears in the real world. Err..." the death knight fumbles, "I
mean the lands of the living."
 I  g i v e  h i m  a  l o o k  a s  i f  t o  s a y  " D o n ' t  g o  t h i n k i n g  o f  H a v e n  a s  t h e  r e a l
anything." If Frobod starts losing track of reality, what hope do the rest of us have?
 Watts beams,  "All true, though we don't like to advertise the latter. It's...
more of a glitch."
 "A glitch?"  Leroy asks.
 "You know..." He says, "A kink in the system.  Something doesn't go as
planned."
 Leroy says, "I know what a glitch is , but how does a train have a glitch?"
 Watts shrugs.  "It's magic. Strange th ings happen." The carefree tone of his
voice indicates that it doesn't bother him.
 Frobod asks, "When it glitches, what happens?"
 Watts says, "I'll give you an example. Back in October we were supposed to
make a stop in Portland Necropolis, that's  Low Hades if you haven't been there,
to pick up some cargo and a hand full of passengers.  We pull into the station and
there's no one there, at least no one we're expecting, and all the signs were
different. A guy gets on the train holding a golden and red ticket like nothing I've
ever seen before. I call my supervisor, and he tells me if I ever see a ticket like
that I'm to let the passenger on the train, and forget I saw it, or it'd be my job.  So,
I did. He got off somewhere in Low Hades, and I never saw him again."
 Sajina asks, "How do you know he came from the living world?"
 Watts stares at the gargoyle incredulou sly, "Because he was alive. Same as
all of you."
 Tako says, "You can tell? Aside from a ll the fluxed ghosts, most of the dead
we've seen have looked pretty normal."
 Watts says, "You're not dead, so you wouldn't know, but the living have a
glow about them that we can see. You're all brighter than anyone around you, and
you don't have death marks."
 Leroy asks, "What are those?"
 Watts says, "Every soul in Hades is stained by marks that tell the story of
how they died. Some are better at reading them than others."
 "Good to know."  I say, "but what do es this have to do with the train."
 "Nothing" Watts says, "Just explai ning how I knew our passenger was
alive. Anyway, follow me, and I'll give you the grand tour."
 He leads us the direction the bell so unded.  Tired puffs of quiet steam
escape the top of a black steam engine with a massive white clock decorating is
circular face. Behind it' there's a comparatively modern electric engine that might
have been in service sometime within the last hundred years.
 "All aboard."  Watts says, as he leaps up on to a st ep leading into the first
car.
 Not knowing what to expect, we follow.  The scent of char hits my nose, as
he pulls a sliding wooden door open. The wood's been burnt... badly... but inside
it appears that they remodeled an old boxcar, adding burgundy carpet, a loft, and
comfortable, albeit simple wooden se ats like church pews with shallow
indentations to cup your buttocks.  They face each other for ease of conversation,
and a few have bolted down coffee tables  set between for people to rest their
d r i n k s  o r  p l a y  c a r d s .  Y e l l o w  m a g e  l i g h t  lanterns, affixed to the wall above each
bench cast the room in warm light.
 Watts continues, "Cars one and two are for staff.  Second level we have
cots for those who need to take a rest. Fi rst floor's the lounge, in the next car
you'll find the kitchen and more places to sit while you're on break "
 Frobod says, "Looks like a it was for hauling farm equipment."
 "Maybe." Watts says, "Burned up in 19 37 with a father and three children
inside. When it crossed over, we initially used it to transport goods throughout
Hades, but about 20 years ago as newer cars started coming in, we decided to
repurpose it as a staff lounge."
 Frobod asks,  "What do you mean crossed over?"
 Watts, maintaining politeness, but l ooking as if Frobod asked something
that even school kids should know says, "What do you know about relics?"
 Frobod says, "Nothing, why?"
 Leroy asks, "What's a relic?"
 Watts motions to the car around hi m, "Sometimes when an object is
destroyed, it continues it's existence in Hades, much like a person."
 Leroy says, "So anything can become a relic?"
 Watts says, "There two types of reli c, natural and magical. Items with
powerful emotional anchors cross over as  natural relics. For example, wedding
rings, a favorite teddy bear, or a train ca r that was destroyed in a moment of fatal
tragedy.  The engines, and each one of our cars are relics."
 Leroy, enthusiastic, asks, "What about the magical kind?"
 Watts says, "They come in two varietie s, new and old. Most objects that
are destroyed shortly after having been imbued with a newly laid permanent
enchantment will cross over, though they are uncommon due to that most people
are careful with newly created magical items."
 Leroy asks, "And the others?"
 Watts says, "Old relics are those items with magic so strong that after their
physical destruction, an echo of their presence lingers in the afterlife. Some
swords, for example, centuries old have b e e n  k n o w n  t o  a p p e a r  i n  H a d e s  i n  t h e
wake of their destruction."
 I say, "But that's not what these cars  are. Each one of these has a story."
 Watts beams. "A story, and in most  cases tragedy." He motions to the
charred wood of the boxcar. "They have death marks that even you can see."
 Pahrem says, "That'd be a lotta histor y if they were real ." In the way of
NPCs, Watts disregards the comment as he would any suggestion that Freehaven
isn't the real world.
 Looking to Annette, James, and Jason who have been lingering at the back
of our group, Watts says, "You'll be confine d to the first four cars for the duration
of the trip. You may rest here now, or come back in about an hour. The train
leaves at six sharp."
 "We'll be here." Annette says, and takes a seat on one of the benches
looking around as if to say "It'll do. I can't complain under the circumstances."
She, like the others are weighed down by tiredness and bewilderment.
 Watts, taking pity on the woman, sa ys, "There are windows in the next
car."
 Annette says, "Here's fine for now." Jason and James settle into the seats
across from her.
 "Onward!" Watts says. Walking us thro ugh the car to another sliding door
at the far end. "We added these doors during the remodel. Looks like they belong
don't they."
 Tako says, "Yeah... Really... Farmhouse Chic."
 As we pass Watts into the next car, a 19th century dining car with a little
room partitioned off that says "Kitchen.", he says "Our forgers do fantastic work."
totally missing Tako's sarcasm.
 This car is a lot more airy, with natur al lighting.  I can see people milling
outside the Shroudmoon Express, in preparation for their journeys.
 Pahrem says, "How many tr ain's are there like this?
 "None." Watts says, "We're the only one."
 Leroy says,  "I guess that explains  the long waits to get a ticket."
 Watts says, "There's been talk of splitting the express into two shorter
trains, but we haven't done it. Personally , I think we've got enough cars now to
manage."
 I ask, "How do you get them?"
 "Government has a bounty on em'." Watts says, "Anyone who uncovers a
new, functional relic car receives quit e a settlement. Anyone who finds an
engine... well... Let's just say their deat h won't be wanting for comfort. Fast,
reliable transportation is big business."
 Leroy asks, "Why don't you just make new ones?"
 Watts says, "Cars?  We've managed, but they start to break down after a
couple of years.  They're expensive. Engines? They don't work the same way they
did in the mortal world. They run on ma gic that no one quite understands yet.
They may look like steam, or sound like electricity, but I'm telling you there's no
one in there adding fuel to the fire. High Hades doesn't even have electricity. We
think it's the magic that causes the Hades forged cars to break down so quickly."
 "Good to know."  I say imag ining relic hunting quests.
 Watts says, "Let's move on." He ushe rs us into the next car which makes
my skin rough with goose flesh, my breath puffs in a white cloud. "This is the first
class ice bar."
 Frobod asks, "You have an ice bar?"
 Watts says,  "Only for first class.  Sometimes we like to theme the cars
according to their destruction. In this case, the car we're standing in ran off the
track and crashed into a frozen lake killing  12 people." He gestures to the wall,
the surface of which looks warped with  water damage. "Now we celebrate the
history by having the temperature lowere d with magic, and serving alcohol in
glasses made out of ice. Anything that'd normally be made of glass is ice in this
car, including the chandelier."
 "Seems a bit extravagant for a rail car."  Frobod says.
 Watts shrugs in a way that suggests  he agrees, but isn't complaining. "If
they're willing to pay for it..."  Watts lets that hang in the air before continuing.
"Onward."
 And so the tour goes, car after car fe aturing a brief history, and what goes
on in them.  Aside from a few  themed first class cars, the majority serve the same
purposes, though they vary in their appe arances. There are dining cars, standard
seats, and sleeper cars for long journeys.
 I'm caught off guard when at the back of one of the economy class cabins
Watts points out a ladder between the tw o connecting cars.   He says, "If you
haven't noticed, every car is equipped with one of these. You're security, care to
guess why?"
 Tako says, "To get on to the roof."
 Watts says, "Correct!"
 Tako says, "I'm smart like that."
 Leroy says,  "Why would we need to get on the roof?"
 Watts says, "That's the interesting pa rt. As security you're expected to
defend the Shroudmoon Express and it's patrons from all dangers.... Including
monsters. If we encounter something that is  in pursuit of the train, and there are
no cars with open windows in the vicinity, you'll have to go up top to do battle."
 Tako says, "That sounds safe."
   I say, "Dude, train top battles and ch ases have been in the movies forever.
It makes sense that we'd find them in game."
 Watts says, "I advise you not to fall  off.  That said, we provide magical
tethers should your duties take you up to p. "  He presses a black coin in my palm
minted with the same moon and skull logo  that appears on his hat.  Everyone
receives one. "It'll bring you back to the staff car from anywhere within Hades if
you survive the fall."

You have received Shroudmoon Tether.

Shroudmoon Tether
Returns you to the staff cabin of the Shroudmoon
Express. To activate, squeeze and make a wish to
return to the Shroudmoon Express.

Expires at conclusion of Shroudmoon Express
contract.

 "And if we don't?" Frobod asks.
 "Watts shrugs. "Perhaps you'll immigr ate. There's also an alarm that will
sound if the train is in immediate dang er. Passengers will retreat to their seats
and/or sleeping cabins, and you'll be summoned to take care of the problem. If
the threat is obvious, you're to intercept with due haste. If not, meet in the staff
cars for a briefing."
 Frobod asks, "What if we're at the end of the train."
 Watts says, "You won't be.  The last half of the cars are all cargo."
 Frobod says, "What if we're in th e last passenger car, and the alarm
sounds?"
 "Use your tether. They also work wh ile aboard the train. Why don't we try
them out." Watts holds a coin that looks just like ours in hand, and closes his eyes,
and says. "Just so." His image ripples, as if  under water, and vanishes  in a pulse
of white light.
 "Guess we're supposed to follow." Leroy says.
 "After you."  I say, and then Leroy disappears.
 Tako's the next to vanish, then Sajina.  Confident that the rest of the group
can figure it out, I close my eyes, give the coin a squeeze, and think 'I wish I was
in the staff car.' I feel dizzy though, I suspect that this stems more from being
teleported to a location I couldn't see than  anything else.  It's not like stepping
through a portal where you can see your destination, and the sudden change of
scenery with the charred wood smell is  disorienting. The rest of the group
shimmer into the lounge right behind me.
 Watts says, "I think that's about everything.  If you have questions feel free
to ask. Train leaves in..." He checks his pocket watch. "Forty-five minutes, so if
you want to eat before you start, or run an errand in the city now's the time."
 I say, "Thanks. I think we're good to hang out here for a while." I look to
everyone else seeking confirmation. No one objects.
  "Oh." Watts begins, "One more thing, be sure to pick up  your sash in the
next car before you start work. They're like a uniform. They tell everyone you're
working security."
 "Got it."  I say, "Where're Annette and the boys?"
 A lean woman in a shocking blue suit  that makes her look like a 1960s
stewardess enters as I ask,  and says, "If you mean the mortals, they decided to
take a nap." She points to the ceiling with her eyes in a way that says 'right above
us.'   "You can wake them if you want."
 "That's fine."  I say, "I was just curi ous. Let them sleep." I take a seat on
one of the benches with a coffee table, an d withdraw some of goblin jerky from
inventory. "I wonder how long it'll take Pehrom to make pasta. I'm in dire need of
spaghetti."
 Pahrem says, "Lasagna."
 "Lasagna..." I whimper.
 Tako says, "Food of the gods."



Chapter 18 -  Keeping it Safe

 The first couple hours aboard the Sh roudmoon Express are astounding in
their mundanity; not a single bandit atta ck, or wayward creature trying to board
the train. It's starting to feel like an actual job as we pace up and down the cars,
looking for wrong doers and not finding any. As a game quest, I'd expected a lot
more action. If I were still logging in and out and paying to be entertained, I'd be
thinking this journey is a colossal waste of time. The thing is, we aren't and I'm
more than happy to accept monsters not tr ying to kill us in exchange for a swift
trip to rescue Mirae.
  I push open the door to economy class cabin car seven when I see a big
eared goblin woman standing on her seat, trying to reach the guy behind her with
a clinched fist. Her hair's just barely long  enough to form the short violet pig tails
that stand out against her green skin. She has a steel nose ring, and a neck piece
that looks like a spiked dog collar. She kinda reminds me of Scooti... if
Scootiwutams was a little green woman.
 "Hey!"  I say, "Settle down."
 "This guys a bastard!" She announces for all to hear. A number of ghost
patrons in that look like humans stare, while others make a point of not making
eye contact, and looking the other direction.
 I say, "What's going on?"
 The goblin, named Maeris by her name plate, also a ghost like all the
others, "Thank the gods. You security?"
 "I am..." I say, indicating the Shro udmoon sash with the moon and skull
logo crossing my chest.
 "Well this wise guy over here's trying  to kill us. He won't stop fartin'!  I
d u n n o  w h a t  h e  a t e ,  b u t  i f  h e  k e e p s  i t up I'm gonna force feed him a knuckle
sandwich."  She peeks over the back of the seat. "You hear?"
 The man, named Atticus, is a balding human with a birdlike nose, and wire
rimmed accountant's glasses. He shifts uncomfortably in his seat, and speaks,
sounding embarrassed. "I have a condition."
 "Miss... Maeris..." I use her name to  make a personal connection, "I
can't..."
 It's at that moment the accountan t looking man lets one rip, a loud
"ppbbbbbbbttttt..." sound. The stench of anus hits me full in the face.
 "Hey guy!" Maeris says, clinching her small fist, "Wash your butt crack!
Think you can stick him outside on top or somethin'?"
 I mumble so hopefully only the go blin can hear, "That's pretty bad."
Usually the game filters out unpleasant environmental smells, but since this is
part of a quest, I guess players aren't spared.
 I say, "I can't make him put a cork in it."
 Ppbbbbtttttt...
 Maeris says, "You think that'd work? I'd be happy to do it if it'll put a stop
to it."
 I say, "Don't do that.  If you touch hi m, we'll have to put you off at the next
stop."
 "Ya gotta help a girl out here." The goblin says, "You see what we're dealin'
with?"
 Pbbbttt.
 I look to Atticus and say, "You're not helping."  Then back to Maeris. "Give
me a minute to check something."
 I pull out my VT.

Melpomine:    Is the medical station empty?

 A few moments pass before I get a response from one of the other party
members.

LeroyJensen:     I'm near there.  Hold up while I check it out.
LeroyJensen:     Yeah it's  clear.  What's going on?
Melpomine:    We've got a natural gas problem in Economy 7, and
passengers are upset.  I'm thinking we can bring the guy there until he gets it out
of his system, or maybe the healer can fix him.
LeroyJensen:   Natural gas?
Melpomine:    Never mind, but if you s ee one of the support staff, see if they
have anything that can deodorize a car. Maybe there's a spell or something.
LeroyJensen:   Errr... Okay.  Economy, car 7?
Melpomine:    Right.

 I look to Atticus and say, "You're coming with me."
 "Thank the gods!" Maeris says. "You gonna lock him up?"
 I say, "You're not in trouble. Just gonna take you to medical to get you
looked at. Maybe the healers can do so mething..." The man nods, embarrassed,
and stands from his seat. He stares at the floor as if not seeing other people
somehow means that they can't see him.  "Let's go."
 As we're passing through economy four another pbbbbbt.  A man, clearly
related to a young boy of about twelve, nudges him across the aisle and, says "You
shootin' rabbits over there kid?"
 Pbbbt..
 His mother, sitting to his left swat s his shoulder and says, "We're in
public!"
 We hasten our pace as he wines, "I didn't do it!" with indignance coating
his voice.
 Things are quiet again in the next few hours, until Tako sends a message in
party chat.

TakoStar:    Can you guys give  me a hand in economy car 9?
Melpomine:    What's up?


TakoStar: Some kid lost his kumonezumi  and passengers are losing their shit.  I
need help finding and catching it.

Melpomine:    His what?
LeroyJensen:   They're spider rats.
Melpomine:   Do I want to know?
TakoStar:   Do you like big furry rode nts with lots of eyes and just as
many legs?"
Melpomine:    Not particularly.
TakoStar:   Then probably not.  So, can you come help?

 I sigh and respond.

Melpomine:    I'm on it.

 That gets me thinking, should I go back to playing a were-spider a
kumonezumi could be pretty useful.

Melpomine:    Are you sure we can't kill it?
TakoStar:    Have a heart. It's a kid's pet.

 Damn. Werespiders learn to take on different shapes based on what
mundane spiders they consume. I'm wondering if kumonezumi qualify.  Oh well.
 I arrive at car number 9 to discover  passengers either standing on their
seats, or backed against the window search ing the ground frantically.  As soon as
I enter, a pudgy lady with a beehive hair  do and in a pink moo moo dress nudges
me out of the way and waddles into the little chamber between cars.   A moment
later, a brawny football looking dude with a crop top hair cut joins her, muttering
"I don't do spiders" as he passes.
 Tako says, "It's a fast little bugger."
 I say, "Where is it?"
 A lance of fire launches from the end of another passenger's finger as it
points like it's shooting a gun. I can't tell if it's male or female because he or she
has been fluxed so completely to resemble  an Area-51 alien... right down to the
ken doll space between it's smooth grey legs.
 "Hey!"  I say. "No fire on the express!   Are you trying to burn up everyone
here?"
 The alien looking creature, cocks it's head, and returns its hand to his
pocket as if holstering a pistol. It's only now that I realize that he... she... it has no
mouth. I wonder if ghosts have to eat, or if all the food here is for pleasure.
 Tako says, "Last I saw it was right ov er there." He motions with his hand,
then a woman in the opposite direction sh rieks and jumps up on her seat like the
other passengers.
 A kid, maybe thirteen or fourteen by my reckoning in a blue baseball hat,
and matching baseball jersey says, "He won' t hurt you. He's just scared." He's
holding a cat carrier in his hand with the door wide open. His eyes are a big
innocent teary blue like a cartoon character. Freeworld garb. I take notice.
 "Kill it!" another woman  says, and throws her shoe ineffectually.
 "Hey." I say.  "It's just a pet. We'll ta ke care of it. No killing anything unless
it bites someone.
 Tako says, "I guess it's over there now."
 I look to the kid and say, "Did you let it out on purpose?"
 "He was lonely. I just wanted to give him some air. I didn't think he'd jump
off my lap."
 I  s a y ,  " W h e n  w e  f i n d  y o u r  k e e p  h im inside. No more running around in
here." Something moves in the corner of my vision, juvenile cat sized, grey, and
furry. I point and say,  "There!"
 Tako darts after, but misses in a sp ectacular leap that ends in a THUMP
leaving him chest down on the floor. He's not fast to rise, so I ask "Are you okay?"
 "Shhh..."  He says. "I see it." And reaches his hand under the seat to his
right.  His voice is calm as he continues, "Go around the other side in case it
runs."
 Deep in concentration, Tako reaches his hand deeper under the chair
when, he yelps "Owe!  Little bastard!" and puts his finger in his mouth.
"Melpomine there!  Go go go!"
 It's the first time I've had a good look at the creature, it's grey fur looks soft,
but individual legs twitch like a spider. I move slowly not wanting to spook it, and
squat down.  I extend my hand as if greeting an unfamiliar dog for the first time.
Those eight legs twitch.
 Keeping my voice calm I say, "There... No one's going to hurt you."  It's
fricking weird extending my hand with all those eyes locked on me.

Calm
Manipulation + Animal Ken. Success!
(Caliber of Success: 1)
"Please don't bite  me..."

 My hand's almost close enough to pa t it's creepy little head when suddenly
it rears up on four legs, and jumps.  The little creature skitters up my arm leaving
me with the sensation of many little limbs pat pat pattering across my skin. I grit
my teeth.  "Get it off! Get it off!  ... don't... move..."
 It's now at my shoulder where I can't s ee.  I'm afraid it's going to touch my
neck when I feel a little jolt of motion as the arachnid... rat... thing  goes flying.  A
passenger just behind me screams, but the kid is fast and catches it like a football
pulled close to his chest. He nuzzles it's ratty nose with his own, and I say "Back
in the carrier. Now."
 He starts to say, "But... "
 "Your spider rat thing-"
 Tako corrects, "Kumonezumi."
 I say "Kumonezumi, whatever.  It's got to stay in the crate.  If you can't do
that we'll have to take it from you and place it in cargo."
 "Fine..."  He huffs, sounding sad. I could almost feel bad for him, if not for
the memory of all those little legs running up my arm.
 Case closed. I'm glad to see the kumonezumi returned to its cage.
 I say, "I'm heading back to the staff ca r to take a break, and eat some jerky.
You want to come?"
 Tako says, "I'm good here for a while.  Just needed some help catching the
thing. Seems like you're better than me with animals."
 I laugh and say, "Not really. Animal ken's only at level one, and I just got
that when we met Cerberus."
 Tako says, "Yeah, well thanks anyway. I can take it from here."
 After a late dinner of tasteless trail rations, and goblin jerky, there's
another long period of quiet as I stroll down and up the length of the
Shroudmoon Express. Some passengers come to recognize me and smile as I pass.
Sajina's having a grand time playing his harp in the ice bar, to the delight of first
class passengers sipping ghost wine from delicate frozen glasses. His stone skin
must protect him from feeling cold. He gives me a little nod as I pass through,
and continue on my way.
 It's about two AM now, and the majo rity of passengers are sleeping, or
keeping themselves busy with quiet solitary hobbies. I've seen a few games of
cards but nothing to suggest high stakes gambling that could cause a fight and
put passengers in danger.

Sajina:    Guys help.  Come to the ice bar.
Melpomine:    What's up?
Sajina:   Drunks getting grabby and starting a fight.
Melpomine:   In first class?
Sajina: Yes!    Hurry.
LeroyJensen:  Nothing happening here. I'm coming.

 I use the tether stone to port to the staff car since it's far closer to the Ice
Bar than where I'm standing.  Leroy had the same idea, because the air shimmers
and now  he's standing right beside me. As we enter, a brunette woman  in a dark
blue cocktail dress cowers behind the bar trying to hide herself from the action as
two men face off wielding icy shards of broken glasses as weapons.
 "You keep your hands off her!" says the one closest to the door we just
entered from.  He's a wearing a white button down dress shirt, with golden cuff
links and khaki slacks, which tells me that he and the woman he's defending
come from the Freeworld.
 His opponent, clearly from Haven, sports a casual embroidered tunic, that
looks expensive.  I'd put him in his late 20's. He's red in the cheeks, and sways on
his feet. "You don't tell me what to do." He slurs. "I tell you. Do you know who my
father is?"
 The Freeworld man, named Dmitri says, "I don't care. You back off if you
want to keep that hand of yours." As he speaks I realize he has a red cut on his
face.
 The drunken Haven man snaps his fingers, points at Dmitri, and says,
"Teach him a lesson." His name is Merin.
 A couple of goons who had been sitting at a table made of ice behind Merin
stand.  They too look a bit tipsy but their boss is the drunkest of the lot.
 "Security!" I say, "Everyone sit down and put your weapons away."
 Dmitri says, "I want him arre sted. He groped my companion."
  "This true?"  I look to Sajina, who nods. Then says, "I think it's time for
you to go back to your cabin."
 "Don't you hear lady?" Merin says, "You don't tell me. I tell you. Do you
know who my father is? I'll have your job."
  I look to Leroy and say, "Let's take em'."
 As soon as I step to Merin, one of  the two extras moves to intercept me,
but I maneuver out of his grasp, and punch him in the nose that sparks with a
flash of lightning.  His health drops by 20%.
 Sajina plays his harp, as  I look to Dmitri  and say "Don't interfere unless
you want to join em'."
  Leroy says, "Sleep on the drunkard, I'll take the other add." and steps
forward.
 "Who you calling a drunk?" Merin says .  Sajina continues to play.  One
step... two staggering steps... Merin falls flat on his face leaving Leroy and I to
deal with his buddies.
 The guy who tried to grab me comes in for a strike but I dip out of the way
and use his momentum to send him smashing him into a table.  Oops.  The stem
connecting the frigid furniture to the floor snaps, and  the table top with all the
drinks on top of it crashes to the floor.  The a man and a woman in Haven clothes
stand abruptly, scooting away from the mess so as not to be splashed by alcohol.
"Sorry."  I say, and look to the guy on the floor. I don't want to kill these guys like
I would a normal opponent.
 Then, when I least expect it, Frobod st rolls in from the  same door that we
entered.
 "Saw your chat thought I'd check-" Hi s eyes move to the sleeping Merin, to
the guy I just tossed, and to the one Leroy's closing in on.
 I say, "Help me subdue hi m before he gets up!"
 That's all the death knight needs. He barrels in and collapses on top of the
guy who came at me. He struggles feebly on the ground, as Frobod says, "I've got
rope. Can you hold him?"
 I press my knee into his  back as Frobod ties his hands from behind.
 I say, "Two down..." and I'm surprise d to see that Leroy's opponent isn't
fighting.
 Leroy says, "This one's gonna come peacefully. That right?" The guy
standing in front of him nods. "Why don't you show us to your cabin?"
 He nods again.
 Leroy hefts Merin over his shoulder, as  I say, "So sorry.  They won't bother
you any more."  Then to the bar tender, who must shop at the same store as
Alfred, I continue, "You think you can give these two some free drinks?" I look to
Dmitri, "I know it doesn't make up for what happened but..."  I shrug as if to say
'what more can I do?'
 The couple that had been sitting at the broken table stare at the
manhandled baddies gaping in astonishment. First class cabin, I've gotta believe
their unaccustomed to tavern brawls. I say, "Maybe drinks for them too." as if I
had any authority over the barkeep.
 We toss Merin, and his hand tied friend unceremoniously in a cabin
together. The bed makes a padded twump, as they hit the surface. Only the third
is allowed to roam free.
 Leroy says, "I'll stay here just in case  they try to get out. I can handle them
until someone comes to lock them in."
 It's only a couple minutes until Watts  shows up with a key ring in hand.
The cabin lock clicks shut. POUND POUND POUND! "Let me out of here!"
POUND POUND POUND! "When my father hears about...!"
 I pound back on the door, "Keep it down in there I've never heard of your
father, and don't care."  I look to Watts, "That guy's annoying."
 He sighs and says, "You did well. We' ll keep them here until the next stop,
where we'll let them off."
 Frobod asks, "Will there be proble ms with his dad, whoever he is?"
 Watts waves his hand dism issively, "A minor noble that thinks he's more
important than he is. There's only one Shroudmoon Express, which means we
hold all the cards."
 I say, "Well I guess that's good to know."
 POUND POUND POUND followed by a muted, "LET ME OUT!"
 Watts answers, "You'll be let out at the next station where you will depart
the train." He then looks to each of us and say, "It's late. This might be a good
time for you to get some rest now that things have quieted down. The regular
staff will cover for a few hours if you want a quick nap."
 I check my VT for the time,  3 AM.  Re st doesn't seem like such a bad idea,
as I say, "Are you sure?"
 Watts nods, "We'll wake you up if we need anything."
 Back in the scorched car, Annette, Jason, and James are playing a game
that somehow involves both cards and dice that I haven't seen before.  I say,
"How're you holding up?"
 Annette responds, "A bit hungry, but a lot better than being with
vampires."
 I say, "You look better."
 Annette says, "We had a good  rest when we arrived."
 Jason says, "You got any more food?  I know you said not to eat the Hades
stuff but every time I see someone munching it's really tempting."
 I slap my forehead and say, "Ugh.. I'm so sorry.  I forgot.  If you ever feel
like you're starving, just grab me okay?" I pull a good nine trail rations from
inventory and distribute them for them to share. "That should cover you for a
while, right?"
 James says, "I think so. Thanks. Don't let us make you think we're
ungrateful. If it weren't for you guys we'd be eaten rather than eating right now. "
 "Don't worry."  I say, "We'll get you back to the living soon, and you can
eat all the food you want."
 Leroy, Frobod and I all head up to the top level where we discover that
Pahrem and Tako are already snoozing.  The inherent char smell of the staff cabin
is stronger closer to the ceiling. We stretch out on our cots and I find my eyes
tracing the rough, blackened texture of the wood above me.

You are in bed.
Would you like to sleep? Yes / No

Chapter 19 -  Deadscream

 I jump and hit my back on the edge of  the cot as I hit the floor.  The harsh
whine of an air horn sets my head rattling.  Red mage lights pulse in the room
like it's a nuclear meltdown.
 BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE EEEERRRRR. Another ear splitting toot,
followed by a trio of lower BOWWNG BOWWNG  BOOOWWWNG sounds
reminiscent of a big rig semi truck.
 Tako groans, "Ugh!"
 Pahrem says, "Alright, alright!   I'm up already.  Sheesh."
 My head feels groggy.  The sounds ha ve stopped, but the red mage lights
keep flashing.
 Leroy says, "You think th is is what they meant by sounding the alarm?"
 I say, "Sounds like it."
 Pahrem says, "Awe, man. What is it? Bad enough I had to run down a guy
with an adult diaper tryin' to sneak into first class. I dunno how much more of
this I can take."
 "You had to...?"
 Frobod, seeming to have adjusted better to the rude awakening than the
rest of us cuts me off, "Let's go. I've got a good feeling about this." The death
knight's out of bed, and making his way down the tight spiral steps to floor one.
We're clumsily making our way behind him.
 Watts intercepts us, breathing fast, wi th eyes that are wild and unsteady,
constantly flickering around the cabin. "Security!  We need you on the roof now!"
 Leroy asks, "What is it?"
 Watts all but shouts, "It's Deadscream! Get on the roof now and protect
us!"
 I pull out my VT and fast equip Bite . The rest of the group equips their
combat gear, though Sajina's no where to be found. Watt's grips his pocket watch,
fast squeezing it in his fist like a frantic heartbeat.
 "Alright, we're goin'!" Pahrem says .  "Who or what's a Deadscream?"
 Watts says, "There's no time! Get out there now before he eats everyone on
this train!"
 As our group begins moving toward the exit, Watts relents and gives us at
least some information. "He's a draconic mummy, only not quite. The ritual failed
so now he consumes souls in the hope of gathering enough power to complete the
transformation into one of The Undying."
 Tako says, "A dragon. I like it."
 Pahrem says, "Ain't that what they tryi n' ta do to Mirae, bring her back to
life n' shit?"
 Watts, panicking says, "Go!"

Quest Update: Quest - Shroudmoon Express - Cabin Security
Quest Update: Limited Edition: The Lost Champion - Part 2

Your presence has attracted the attention of Deadscream the Forsaken.
Once a powerful draconic Chronomancer, he's now a ravenous undead
horror due to a failed mummification ritual that should have made him
reborn as one of The Undying.

Defeat him before he can consume the souls aboard the Shroudmoon
Express, and return to the Lodge of Arcanum with any information about
his condition you discover.

Conditions for Completion Updated

Quest - Shroudmoon Express - Cabin Security:
Defeat Deadscream                                                                0/1

Limited Edition: The Lost Champion - Part 2
Report to the Lodge of Arcanum with your Findings 0/1

 Leroy says, "I know the bard's not on  security, but he can help. Send him
up with us if you can find him."
 Watts gives a decisive no d, though still fidgeting with his pocket watch.
 As soon as we climb the ladder to the roof, a golden sunburst appears on
our minimap indicating a unique rare-spawn creature that few players will have a
chance to kill.  The sky is alive and cloudless with brisk air and the eerie blue of
twilight. My hair thrashes in the wind.
 "Where is it?"  I ask.
 Leroy says,  "A never before seen bo ss fight with no established strategy.
My favorite. You want to tank?"
 "Yeah." I say, "Be ready to off tank if there are adds, or I go down."
 A massive body, wrapped in musty ta ttered bandages rides currents of air
above us. They flutter off the ends of massive wings like dirty party streamers.   A
booming voice sounds, "I will be reborn."
 Everyone but Sajina's present, so I ca ll, "Open fire ranged until he's within
melee distance. Treating this as tank n' spank until we learn the fight."
 Frobod launches a large headed thin tailed necrobolt that impacts the
dragon's bandaged chest. The wild tail beats back and fourth when it strikes
trying to penetrate its skin. Pahrem tosses one of her g'nades and misses by a
mile, and I hurl my Darksteel Chakram which cuts into the dragon's rear haunch.
As Deadscream circles, the chakram reforms on my wrist.
 The undead dragon's now out of ra nge for anyone but an archer, and
Tako's still equipping his bow.

Taunt. Successful.
Deadscream attacks.

 Deadscream swoops in, and bathes the entire top of our car in ugly red
flame. Damn it! Half the difficulty of this boss is not having had a chance to
prepare. Between the little tongues of crimson, shadows that look like skeletal
limbs claw skyward. I recoil from the heat on my skin. Pahrem groans "Ugh!" as
she casts a golden heal on herself. Leroy, Frobod and I are still at full health, but
Tako's down to eighty percent. No more damage from the fire, but the edges of
the railcar still dance with tiny crackling whips of flame.
 Switching to party chat, I say, "My ba d. Split up! I should have anticipated
an AOE breath weapon." I put on a sprint to the far end of the now blackened top
of our car. "I'll try to hold him here. Everyone else strike from behind.  If his
back's toward the front of the train,  get out of reach of the fire."
 No one follows my advance as Deadsc ream swoops in for another blast of
red flame. I'm coated in the stuff, but the rest of the team's out of reach. My
health drops by ten percent but Pahrem's fast on the heals. By the time I recover,
the dragon's out of range, but when I look back Tako's making good use of his
bow, Leroy casts smite, and Frobod launches another necrobolt.
 I shout "Hey!" and thump Bite against the roof of the train to draw our
opponent's attention.

Taunt. Successful.
Deadscream attacks.

 Even though he's out of range of my  chakram, I don't want to risk him
turning on the rest of the party. A light in the sky flashes as Leroy unleashes
another smite. Deadscream circles, and takes air into his lungs. Damn it! Doesn't
he ever come down?.
 WOOOOOOSH...  Another blast of red. The wind from the dragon's
passing buffets my body causing me to take a step back. Each blast seems to grow
hotter as my health drops thirty percent. I can't even connect with a ranged
attack to do damage because he flies away.
 A golden bubble springs up around me as my health inches back upward.
Deadscream circles. I'm expecting more fire. I shout, "Hey!" and spin my staff.
"Afraid you're gonna get hurt if you come closer? We've fought dragons twice as
big as you, and we're still here. Ever heard of Cimmerian? Blasted our way right
out of his stomach. What do you think you're gonna do that he can't?"

Feeding the fire.
Manipulation + Empathy. Success!
(Caliber of Success: 3)
"I think I'll like him when he's angry..."

 Deadscream's drifting around and around like a turkey vulture, when
suddenly he makes a dive for the train. I think he's gonna knock us off the tracks,
but instead he drops hard on the car in front of us. I can see him taking a deep
breath, his chest expands.

Shadow Step (Rank 5) - Success!

 In a blink I vanish and re appear right behind him.

CRITICAL HIT
You hit Deadscream for 18 damage.
Deadscream resists 14 points of damage.

  A zap like a cattle prod sounds as I bring my staff down hard on the
dragon's rump. Bandages smoke, and a black spot appears where there was none
before. Deadscream roars, and chokes on his fire preventing the party from being
roasted.
 He flaps his massive wings to hover over  the moving train, turns in the air,
and settles down with his face before me. It's my first clear look at it...  A pair of
red eyes like hot coals peer out behind a decaying face covered in worn wraps that
constrict Deadscream's snout like a loose muzzle.
 He says, "You're strong. I will slay yo u, and devour your soul. Perhaps..."
he sounds contemplative, an incongruous tone considering we're in the middle of
a fight. "... you're just what I need to be reborn."
 In party chat, I say, "If you've got it, use fire! The bandages blacken when
they're hit with Bite. Let's make this lizard a funeral pyre."
 I whirl Bite, and crack him on the side  of the face leaving more burn marks
where I connect.
 Pahrem shouts, "Incoming!"  and I hear  a glassy break behind the dragon's
back.  FWOOOOF! Deadscream's back ignites like a gasoline soaked Yule log.
 He whips his head around angrily to  face his new target, and I say "Uh
uh!" and smack him again with Bite. "I heard dragons taste like chicken!"

Taunt. Successful.
Deadscream attacks.

 Something inside Deadscream snaps as his big ugly head twists back at me.
His eyes are wild and affronted, he lunges with talons sticking out of bandaged
limbs. I dodge out of the way of the first, but the second connects. Ugh!  That
stings. Crap! I forgot to cast flow like water in my haste to enter the battle.

CRITICAL HIT
Deadscream hits you for 39 damage.
You resist  32 points of damage.

 My health plummets. Thirty-nine fucking damage? Thank God for uber
stamina and high endurance. One more tap and I'm dead.
 The heat of Deadscream's burning bandages burns my face like peering
into an open oven.  Deadscream health, 50%. At least DPS is making progress...
though I can't see them. I can only assume that  Frobod's chopping away with his
greatsword, and Tako's doing what Tako does with his vicious daggers.
 I hear the call, "LEEEERRROOOOOOY JENSEEEEEEN!"
 Deadscream's coming in for another attack. Fuck! One hit and it'll be
respawn. A giant hand made out of white holy fire materializes around my body. I
can't move. A new buff paired with a debuff appears in the right hand corner of
my vision.

Safeguard of the Divine Inferno
Threat increased by 50%
Deals 60% of incoming damage (rounded up) to attackers as holy damage,
difficulty 8 to resist.
All incoming damage transferred to Player: LeroyJensen
Duration: 30 seconds

Paralysis
You can't move.
Duration: 30 seconds

 I've never seen this pally spell before , and make a note to have Leroy teach
me.
 I struggle against the hand of fire, but it's no use. At least it doesn't burn
me. Deadscream's claw rips at me, but I feel no pain. In fact, my health is
climbing upward as Pahrem kicks off a lightning flash heal, followed by a heal
over time spell.  I rise from 10% to forty... fifty....  sixty percent.  I still can't move,
but Deadscream explodes in a blaze of white as if I'd set off a holy fireball in his
face.
 I check my interface since there' s nothing else I can do while I'm
immobilized, and Leroy's health is dropping. Pahrem casts a heal that negates
some of the damage, and Deadscream attacks again wah-BOOM, it's clawed
foreleg crashes against the fiery hand, as Leroy's health dips, and another blast of
holy magic hits it in the face.
 Deadscream health: 30% .
 I'm just barely able to see Frobod  connect with his greatsword, as the
dragon adjusts his position. Deadscream health: 20%.  He's almost dead.
 He flaps his massive wing s, rises off the surface of the car, and says, "You
fight well little mortals. I will be reborn." Pahrem's fire crackles and pops as it
eats his bandages. He doesn't sound like he's about to die which can only mean
it's time for phase two.
 "You know the best thing about chro no magic?" the dragon says, "There's
always time to fix your mistakes."
 A ghostly golden pocket watch the size  of Deadscream's body hangs in the
air. The hands stop moving, and then begin winding backwards faster and faster.
With each counterclockwise circle of the second hand, the damage to Deadscream
is reversed. Pahrem's flames wink out, and rear wounds that I could only make
out once he took to the air begin to close.
 Deadscream health: 100%
 The ethereal clock fades.
 Unfortunately we can't say the same for our own wounds, as Pahrem
works fast to top us all off and her manna pool hasn't regenerated. I'm wondering
if we're about to experience more flames when Sajina hefts himself up onto the
roof of the car. Instead of the Lyre he looted from Cerberus, he's wielding a violin,
which he begins playing with astonishing swiftness.
 Is that... classic rock?
 A little voice inside my head whispers. "Thunder. Na na na NA na na na!"
Ancient classic rock. The crazy bastard's playing AC/DC on the violin. It's one of
the few songs that old that I know. I can feel my self getting pumped, swept up in
the currents of song. A new buff appears in the top right corner of my vision.

Warsong (Rank 4)
+4 Dexterity
+2 Damage to all attacks
+3 Luck bonus to all rolls
+7 Initiative Bonus

 Holy crap!  That's a nice buff. He must have learned it while off spending
points with Leroy in Ashe March. +2 damage means it doesn't even have to be
rolled, it's just added to whatever the engine comes up with when we attack . +7
initiative means that we're all more likely to act first when the system determines
the order of attacks or other combative actions. Don't even get me started on that
luck bonus.
 Leroy laughs and says, "Tha t's my boy! Give em' hell!"
 Frobod launches a necrobolt that smashes into Deadscream's wing and
causes him to tumble in the air, but our opponent steadies himself before it's too
late.  Tako rapid looses a trio of arrows in Deadscream's core mass. Blossoms of
liquid red well up under the bandages.
 We've got this.
 Deadscream says, "Not so fast." As another mirage of a giant clock
shimmers in the air, this one in shades of blue.
 A new debuff appears in the corner of my sight.

Time Locked
You are frozen in time, and cannot act.
Duration: 20 seconds

 The air condenses into a violet mi st. The world freezes. Deadscream's
clock floats in the air. I'm free to think, but Deadscream and everyone else in the
party stand like waxen dummies. Frobod's mid step, Leroy's lips are parted as if
about to say something, and Tako, positioned several paces away from the rest of
DPS has just loosed another arrow. It hangs in the air motionless on course to the
dragons heart.

TakoStar has died.
Frobod has died.

 In party chat I hear "Bastard!" from Ta ko at the same time as  Frobod says,
"Son of a bitch!" and Pahrem asks, "What happened?"
 I say, "What happened? To me yo u both look frozen in place."
 Tako says, "He breathed fire on us."
 Frobod adds, "Hits like a rocket."
 The Time Locked buff begins to flas h which tells me it's expiring.  3....
2...1...
 Leroy says, "Let's do it agai-" but his words are cut short when he sees
Tako and Frobod's corpses. One moment they're mid action, the next they're
smoldering lumps  on the Express's roof.
 I say, "Pahrem, how's your manna?"
 Pahrem says, "I've got enough... for now."
 I spin Bite, and pound it against the top of the train. "Hey asshole!  Eat
this!"

Taunt. Successful.
Deadscream attacks.

 As soon as the taunt takes hold I launch the Darksteel Chakram.  It
shimmers in the air, and cuts deep like a meat cleaver. Deadscream inhales and
spews red flame all over me. My health drops to 80%.
 Leroy says, "Sajina, need you on DPS now! Use fire!"
 The violin song stops, as the instru ment vanishes into his inventory.
Waving the bow like a giant wand, he unleashes a long operatic note.  The air
shimmers with heat, and then burning stones the size of soccer balls hail from
above.  They crash into Deadscream, causing bandages to ignite on contact.
 Deadscream thrashes trying to put o ut the flames then settles back down
on the car where we battled before. I seize the advantage smashing Bite into the
side of the dragon's face, and follow through with a swift kick to its snout.  I hear
more opera song. A wave of heat rolls over me, with an audible FWOOF as more
of the dragon's wraps catch fire. The flames trail in the wind from the rushing
train like my hair while riding the Thunder Bridge.  Deadscream health: 60%
 "Keep at it!"  I say, as Pahrem nudges my health back up to 90%.
 "LEEEERROOOOYYY  JENNNNNSEN!" Leroy bellows, and barrels in
from behind wielding his hammer. A wet crack sounds as it smashes into
Deadscream's body in a flash of holy light. WHAM, Leroy brings the hammer
down again before  I can even think to launch an attack of my own.
 Just to be sure I'm not losing agro, I make kissing sounds at the dragon.

Taunt. Successful.
Deadscream attacks.

 Deadscream comes in for a nasty claw , but I narrowly slip out of the way.
Luck bonus.  I counterattack with Bite, sending maggots of electricity burrowing
into the dragon's neck.  Another musical note sounds.
 BOOM KAWHAM BOOM BOOM....  Sizzle...  FWOOF.
 Fiery Meteorites crash into Dead scream's body, then explode in a
revitalized puff of flame.  Deadscream health: 20%
 "Not so fast."  The dragon says.
 The blue clock shimmers in the air. Fuck!  We're so close. I'm not ready to
go home, all the way back to Durolan and have to start the quest to find Mirae
over.  I'm getting ready for the purple mist to descend and everything to stop
moving, but that doesn't happen. Deadscream comes in for another swipe with
his talons.

Deadscream hits you for 19 damage.
You resist  17 points of damage.

 I'm alive!
 The sparks rebounding off my boots and into the dragon's foreleg, seem
feeble indeed, but at least I'm still in this.
 In party chat, Pahrem says, "What's goin' on?"
 Leroy asks, "You okay? We're time locked."
 I say, "I'm good!" just in time to drow n, at close range, in an inferno of red.

CRITICAL HIT
Deadscream hits you for 32 damage.
You resist 8 points of damage.

You have died.




Chapter 20 -  Resurrection and Reunion

 The world goes dark and I stare down at the remains of my corpse.  The
Shroudmoon Express and ground beneath the tracks glows like the moon, though
the sky is completely black. Tako and Frobod  are sitting beside their bodies. The
living members of our party, along with our foe are conspicuously absent. We just
see their shadows dancing over the surface of the rail car.
 Frobod says, "He got you too, huh?"
 I say, "No bueno."

You are dead.
Would you like to resurrect at your bind point in Durolan? Yes / No

 I choose no, and continue in party chat , "I'm out, so all of you had better
survive."
 No response from Leroy, but he's not here, so I'm just going to hope that
means he's focused on combat.
 Frobod says, "It's gonna suck if we  have to come all the way back here
from Durolan."
 Tako, looking shaken by the comme nt, says, "That won't happen. We've
got Leroy fucking Jensen in our party. The guy's a one man army."
 I sigh and say, "Let's hope so, though if worse comes to worst I could
probably Thunder Bridge us to Cerberus, though I don't know how we'd pass
without Sajina."
 Frobod says, "At least we could pick  up some books for Charon's quest."
 I facepalm. "We should have done that from the beginning. All of us dying
would have been way easier than all these quests."
 Frobod says, "Wouldn't have gi ven Leroy much for his videos."
 Tako says, "Who cares about Leroy's videos? We're here to save Mirae."
 I say, "Yeah I know, but Frobod does have a point. He didn't have to help
us, and we didn't know there'd be a quest like that. It's only fair. Relax, we're
almost there."

You are dead.
LeroyJensen wants to resurrect you.
Do you accept? Yes / No

 I say, "Looks like they killed Dead scream. Just got my resurrection. See
you in a few seconds."
 I choose yes.
 The world atop the train car fades back  to me.  I cough. It hurts. I mumble,
"Owe."
 Leroy says, "We're gonna need your dwarf alias to resurrect everyone."
 I nod and say, "I'll take Frobod."
 Pahrem's hands begin to glow as she begins chanting in a fantasy language
I don't understand. Her hands flow in clouds of gold. A few seconds later, a
translucent grim reaper with angel wings appears over Tako's body and hits it
with a burst of light.  The reaper... ghost... thing disappears as soon as his eyes
begin to flutter.
 I withdraw my VT, open up the Alias menu, and choose Scootiwutams.
Streamers of red light to match her armor wrap around me, as my form grows
smaller, stockier, and my blond pony tail becomes a pair of black pig tails.
 Speaking in a Scottish brogue, I say, "I got just enough manna to do it."
Having not set up a macro for resurrections yet, I have to find the spell from the
list, and manually select it. I place my hands on Frobod's chest and say, "Come
back, out of darkness, and into light!"
 He groans.
 As if not having been unnerved by the prospect of starting over moments
before, Tako cheers, "Scooti! Pleeeaaassse keep the dwarf skin for a bit?"
 I say, "I like Melpomine. I'm coming to think of it as my home skin."
 He sighs and says, "Fine. You're a butthole. Scooti's awesome."
 I ask, "What did Deadscream drop?"
 Leroy says, "We decided to wait for you."
 In place of the dragon, there's a hefty  looking chest on top of the car where
Deadscream's body once was. I motion to Tako, who usually loots, and say "You
do the honors."
 He throws open the lid of the chest.

Mantle of the Undying Chronomancer
Type:                                                   Cloth
Slot:                                                                   Shoulder
Quality:                                                                    Epic
Equipped Bonus:
+ 3 Stamina, +4 Intellect, +1 Dexterity
Special Properties:
 Use:  Reduces your cool downs by 24 hours. (Does not
effect other cooldown reducing spells and effects.)


Deadscream's Wraps
Type:                                                Leather
Slot:                                                                        Chest
Quality:                                                                    Epic
Equipped bonus:
Dexterity + 4, Stamina + 3, Strength + 1

Special Properties:
 Use:  Become invisible for three minutes, or until you've
damaged another character.


Leg Plates of the Undying
Type:                                                   Plate
Slot                                                                          Legs
Quality:                                                                    Epic
Equipped Bonus:
Stamina + 6, Strength + 2
Special Properties:
 .Regenerates 1 health for every 4 attacks made in
combat.

Set Bonus: Undying plate  0/5
Regeneration occurs afte r one fewer attacks for each
piece of undying plate equipped.
Heals 2 health if the set is complete.

Book of Death and Rebirth
Quest Item

Description:
A magical tome of ancient magic.


Mangled Dolly (Unique)
This item begins a quest.

Description:
A child's toy that's seen better days. Beneath it's dress
is the mark of the San'ta Elves. Someone in the North
Pole may be looking for this.

Activate to start this quest.


Dragon Heartstone
Quest Item

Description:
A valuable stone created by dragon wizards. Can be
sold for more than 10,000 gold in the right markets.

You have received loot:
Mangled Dolly (Unique)
Dragon Heartstone

 I say, "Did everyone just get the dolly and heartstone?"
 Usually when a unique item drops th at no one has to roll for, everyone
receives a copy in their inventory.
 Tako says, "I got the dolly."
 Leroy says, "Me too.
 Frobod asks, "What Heartstone?"
 Tako says, "I'm staring right in the bo x and I don't see anything like that."
 "Weird."  I say, "I see it on the list of lootable items."
 Leroy asks, "Are you on a quest?"
 "I have a few..." I say, "Why?"
 Leroy says, "Probably an item for a quest we're not on."
 I say, "Alright. Time to distribute loot.  I'll hold on to the book since it's for
the Lost Champion turn-in. First up, Mantle of the Undying Chronomancer."
 Tako hands the book over.

You have received loot:
Book of Death and Rebirth

 Sajina says, "Should I take th at since it has intelligence?"
 Leroy shakes his head, "You're on Ch arismatic casting. Charisma is your
dump stat now."
 I say, "Pahrem then?"
 She says, "Hell yeah I'll take it."
 Frobod's silent.
 I say, "Next up, the wraps. I'm go nna roll for them, since they have
dexterity. Tako?"
 Tako says, "You bet your ass I'll roll."

TakoStar rolls 1 (1-10) sided dice. Result: 10
Melpomine rolls 1 (1-10) sided dice. Result: 4

 "Boom!" Tako says, "Get yo hands off my chest piece!"
 Pahrem says, "You're the on e that opened the chest."
 "Yeah," Tako says, "But you were th inking of it. Don't lie. You were
imagining yourself wrapped up in these old bloody rags cuz they so sexy, but
they're all mine!"
 Frobod's still silent.
 I shrug and say, "Congrats."  since I still have my Swiftstrike set, though I
do think it'd be kinda cool to have a mummy top for cosmetic reasons.
 Leroy says, "I'm gonna have to challenge you for the leg plates."
 I wave my hand and say, "Take em'.  Yeah, I've got Scooti, but you've been
wearing plate this whole quest, unless Frobod wants em."
 Pahrem says, "It's a tank set."
 I look to Frobod for comment, but he's  just staring at his VT. "Frobod?" If
I'm not mistaken, his eyes look a little wet.
 He doesn't answer with words, inst ead he turns the face of his virtual
tablet toward us.  It's a quest prompt. We're all quiet as we try to figure out what's
going on. "I knew it." Frobod says, in a voice raw with emotion.  "As soon as they
woke us up at the ass crack of dawn I kn ew it.  Then when I saw the rare-spawn
icon on the minimap..."
 Pahrem says, "I don't get it."
 Frobod, trying to fake reservation in his voice, but instead sounding hoarse,
says, "Use the dolly. Open the quest."
 I pull up the dolly in my VT, and tap to activate.

Quest
Winter Dungeonland - Part 1
Difficulty:  Hard

You have found a child's toy with the ma rk of the reclusive San'ta Elves of
the North Pole. Somewhere in the No rth, someone is looking for this
childhood treasure. Find its owner, and di scover how this dolly came to be
in Hades.

Objectives:
Returned dolly    0/1
Discover origins of dolly   0/1

Chain Completion Rewards (Choose One):
- A unique evolving weapon (Legendary Potential)
- A unique evolving chest piece (Legendary Potential)
- A unique evolving helm (Legendary Potential)
- A unique evolving spell (Legendary Potential)
- Logout re-enabled

Additional Rewards (Limited Edition) (Choose One):
- Unlock Rebirthing as Ke'bla Elf
- Unlock Rebirthing as San'ta Elf
- Unlock Rebirthing as Kel'rog Elf

Restrictions:
Can only be completed in December.
Max party size: 5
This quest can be shared if you have five or less people in your party.

Do you accept?  Yes / No

 I choose yes.
 So there it is. One dead boss, and now there's a way out of Freehaven. I
wonder if anyone else has found one. I feel conflicted in a way that's hard to
describe. The rational part of me knows I have to go back to the real world, but
what's a cubical and a one woman apartment with a giant bean bag chair
compared to living months, by the time th e quest is complete, in a land full of
magic, adventure and dragons? Of course I'll go home, but a quiet part of me
wishes I didn't have to, or that there was no choice to be made.
 I look to Frobod.  There's no question  as to the choice he'll make, and I'm
happy. He deserves to see his daughter , and who knows, after this kind of
emergency, maybe he and his ex wife will find a way to get back together.  I'll
miss him when he goes, but then, as hard as it is to believe, I'll be going too.  Back
to Seattle, while Frobod will wake up so mewhere in Las Vegas. Dare I return to
visit Mirae if it means the possibility of being locked in once again? Part of me
wants to. I think I will, because I like the thrill of living on the edge. Not of life
and death, but at the edge where the mu ndane world meets twin universes, three
if you count Hades, that are fantastic and never were.
 Frobod says, "I don't care about the armor as long as we do this quest."

* * * * *
 The rest of the train ride is uneven tful.  I'm back in my Melpomine skin,
and Leroy's beaming at his new armor.
 He says, "I need to find the rest of this set. Restoring  two health every
time you attack is so OP."
 I say, "20% of your health, right?"
 He shakes his head no, "M aybe for other people but I've invested in special
abilities that give me extra health levels. These days it's closer to fifteen."
 I say, "Good luck finding the drops. Deadscream isn't exactly a common
monster."
 Leroy says, "I'm gonna find the rest of  the set, and I'm going to be uber."
 Pahrem says, "Like you ain't uber enough already."
 Leroy shrugs, "There's no such thing as too uber."
 Tako, "Like, this one time I went to the market and this guy offered me an
uber Christmas sweater for a few copper, and I was like 'Hey man. That's too uber.
You trying to kill me with that thing? Next time order a supply that's a little
less...'"
 I cut him off and say, "You're such a do rk."  I then look to Frobod and say
"How are you doing?"
 "Perfect." He says. "In fact, I couldn't be fucking better short of turning in
this quest."
 Pahrem says, "Winter Dungeonland. Sounds like a Santa quest."
 "Hey." Tako says, "Not cool. In Freehaven Online, we have Great Uncle
Winter. Not everyone in the world celebrates Christmas."
 I roll my eyes at him. Whatever.
 With a mighty hiss, the Shroudmoon express pulls into Athelon Necropolis
station. It's remarkably familiar. Of cours e there's no train station in the land of
the living, but the rest of the skyline looks much the same as it does in Haven.

You have completed the quest Shroudmoon Express - Cabin Security!
Speak to Conductor Watts to collect your reward.

 The conductor enters as soon as the no tification hits.  He extends his hand,
I shake, and he presses a sack of coins into my palm. "It's been a pleasure
working with you on the Shroudmoon Express. Things got a little messy with
Deadscream, but your performance was exemplary."

You have gained:
+500 Reputation with Ashe March Adventurers' Hall
200 Hades Gold Marks
500 Gold

Point break! You have gained ten points to distribute among attributes.

 He makes the rounds, shaking each one of our hands in turn. I say, "You're
welcome."  Then looks to the others, "I got a ding." I close the popup, so I can
save the points for later.
 Frobod says, "Me too."
  I say, "Anyone need time to buy attributes, or are we ready to go?"
 Tako says, "Let's get out of here. We're almost there."
 Part of me wants to tour Athelon Necrop olis  to see how similar it is to the
human starting city in Haven, but I get Tako's haste.  It's a good thing we have to
wait until December to do Winter Dungeonland, or I'd half expect Frobod to be
talking about dying, abandoning the Mira e quest, and going back to Durolan. I
wave my middle finger in the air and shout "INFERNO!!!" followed by pumping
my fist in the air and saying "Let's ride."
 The elechoppers burst into existence with their customary engine gurgles
and pops of color.
 Leroy says, "Mount up." His phoenix screeches and the air grows hot when
it's summoned.
 Now we're flying over the city. So far as I can tell the main difference
between Athelon and Athelon Necropolis is  the presence of fluxed ghosts. There
are still any number of human, dwarf, elf and gnome ghost citizens, but about one
in five has undergone significant body  modification. I'll bet the shops have
different merchandise. A sign outside the Wayfarer's hall reads, "Closed for
Renovations" which means fo r the time being there're no portals to Durolan
Necropolis.
 In any case, it's nice to not need a map to know where we're going. The
geography passing below us is familiar . The whole time we're traveling I'm
thinking about Mirae, what I'll say to her when we meet, and hoping she can shed
some light on how she ended up in Hades in  the first place. About an hour later,
Durolan Necropolis looms on the horizon.
 "There it is." I say.  It doesn't feel real.
 The tall mage towers make it feel like we're coming back home and yet...
There's no Cupcake Keep in Durolan, or if there is, it's ow ned by a completely
different person.  It feels like we're coming back home and yet... we're just here to
collect a member of our newfound adopted family.
 I check the clock on my VT and say "Looks like we've got a few hours until
she's at the tavern. What do you want to do until then?"
 Tako says, "You could do the rat thing that helps you find people."
 I noncommittally say,  "Yeah..." feeling like I'm missing something. "Any
idea on how we're gonna get back? I don' t think we have enough money to pay
Charon's passage, and waiting for the next Shroudmoon Express could take
forever."
 Leroy says, "I've got an idea for that, that involves Lorak."
 Frobod asks, "What are you thinking?"
 Leroy says, "Library quest."
 I ask, "Can Lorak transport in-game items for you?"
 Leroy shakes his head no. "Just me ssages. Something the conductor said
gave me an idea."
 Frobod asks, "What is it?"
 Leroy says, "I'll tell you if it works."
 Passing over the Durolan Necropolis  wall, the guards are equipped with
the same crustal tipped spears, and wizard's hats as in its Haven counterpart, but
the uniforms are styled differently.  Wh ile Haven Durolan guards sport the bold
purple of a priest's robes during advent, Durolan Necropolis guards are draped in
black and deep brandy wine red.  They feel antiquated by comparison.
 When we land in front of the bank Leroy says, "I'm heading to the book
s h o p ,  i f  a n y o n e  w a n t s  t o  c o m e .  O t h e r w i s e ,  I  s a y  w e  m e e t  a t  F i r e  a n d  S o u l  a t
seven."
 I shrug and say, "I'll come, why not?"
 Sajina says, "I'm gonna check out th e tavern early." He looks at Annette,
Jason and James and says, "You wanna come?"
 Jason shrugs.  "Sure I guess. We're kinda hungry."
 I pass over some more food rations,  and say "Remember to stay away from
Hades food."  Then looking to the others, "We've gotta get back soon or we'll run
out of rations.
 Pahrem says, "I wanna go shoppin'."
 Tako shrugs, and say "If you won't use your rat magic, I'll go with
Pahrem."
 I say, "Frobod?"
 He says, "I'll be around."
 I look to Leroy and say, "Looks like it's you and me."  Then, to everyone
else I reiterate, "Meeting at Fire and Soul. Seven o'clock. Don't be late."
 Our group disperses as Leroy and I wa lk toward the market district, the
guards regard me with polite interest, b ut none of the fawning I'd come to expect
from my high reputation in Haven Durolan.
 I say, "What are we doing?"
 Leroy says, "First let's check the book shop."
 We arrive at the building. It's cold and empty. A sign on the door states,
"For purchase  inquiries visit the property office." With dust on the window sill it
feels like it's been standing this way a very long time.
 I ask, "Did we strike out?"
 Leroy says, "Not yet. Finding somethin g for sale in Hades was a long shot
anyway.  Charon strikes me as quite a collector. I'm gonna get one of my guild
mates to help. How many books do you think we need?"
 I say, "You, Me, Pahrem, Tako, Frob od, Sajina, Mirae, Annette, Jason,
James... If you're thinking to bring one for each person we're transporting you'll
need at least ten assuming Charon doesn't have any already.  It's a new quest, so
I'm betting that his collection will be limi ted to the classics until players start
completing it."
 Leroy says, "Good call. I hadn't thought of the NPCs.  I'll see if I can get ten
plus a few extra."
 He pulls a quill from his inventory, sits on the abandoned storefront steps
and begins writing.  It takes him a fe w minutes, because he's detailing very
specific instructions.  When he reaches the bottom of the parchment, he stops, re-
reads what he wrote, and says "I think that'll do it."
 I raise a questioning eyebrow.
 He says, "You'll see..."  then pauses, "... at least I hope you will, because if
this doesn't work, I'm out of ideas."
 Leroy retrieves the glass orb filled with swirls of red smoke from his
inventory, and rubs it like he's summoning a genie,  "Come forth my messenger."
 PA-WOOF.
 The scent of brimstone fills the air, as  a closet of fire erupts in the space
before us. Lorak steps from the conflagra tion with his horned head, two pronged
tail, and skin the color of Santa's dirty jumpsuit.
 He says, "I serve the Malefactors."
 Leroy says, "Bring this to SilentBurn, and tell him to stop what he's doing
and take care of this now. It's urgent. If Burn isn't available, give it to LowGhost.
If ghosts isn't available, take it to the guild hall, and say whoever takes care of this
now gets a promotion. I'll reimburse the costs."
 Lorak takes the envelope in exchange for a drawstring sack of coins, bows,
and says "As you command." He disappears, in another poof of flame.
 "Now what do we do?"
 Leroy says, "Wait."
 "Wait for what?"
 Leroy says, "If I'm right, a pile of  books will appear in a few minutes."
 "O..kay..."  I pause, "How are you going to make that happen?"
 He says, "My guild mate's going to make a purchase at the cash shop."
 "... and?"
 Leroy says, "The next thing he'll do is change the settings to free
ownership so he can abandon the object in public."
 I say, "He's buying books I take it. Ho w does that help us get them here?"
 Leroy says, "Burn and Ghost are ench anters." He must see the confusion I
feel in my face, because he says, "Com e  o n  M e l ,  t h i n k .  R e m e m b e r  w h a t  W a t t s
told us about relics."
 "They're created when an object of pe rsonal significance is destroyed, or..."
I trail, "The same is true for a newly enchanted item."
 "Ding. Ding. Ding." Leroy says, "I'm having them put basic enchantments
on a bunch of books, and then burning them in front of th is shop in Haven
Durolan."
 My skin crawls. Burning perfectly good books feels sacrilegious. "You
couldn't have picked a different place? Yo u've asked them to burn books in front
of a bookstore."
 Leroy shrugs, and looks back at th e empty store front. "Guess I didn't
think about that part. I just figured since we were coming here anyway..."
 I say, "I guess I can't complain if it wo rks. I just have a great love for fiction.
Doing it here feels disrespectful."
 Leroy says, "Sorry but really... It's not like it's the real world. I'll bet the
shopkeepers don't even notice."
 I say, "You'd be surprised what Have nfolk are picking up on these days."
We hang around for about 30 minute s, when I say "Do you think they're
coming?" referring to the books.
 Leroy says, "Give them a few minutes. Odds are they weren't in Durolan."
 At the forty-five to fifty minute  mark, a green flame erupts on the
cobblestones before us. Leroy roars,  "YEAAAAAAAH!!!" and punches his left
palm with his fist. "I love it when I figure out a new solution to a game problem! I
don't think anyone's done this!"
 I say, "It might have happened already in Freeworld, but I dunno. I haven't
spent much time as a ghost, and I'm not sure  if relics worked like this before the
merge."
 Leroy says, "Don't be a buzz ki ll... Look! I can see them coming!"
 Within the serpentine flames, the shap es of paperback books begin to take
form.  Leroy punches his palm again in exaltation and says, "Lets see what we
got." as the fire quickly dies in sputtering  crackles and pops. In it's place is a
pyramid of fourteen different novels.
 "Stephen King... The Stand, 11.22.63... Salem's Lot... looks like we got a
few of his. Several new rele ases by authors I've neve r heard of.  Grey and The
Beautiful Dead by someone named Jun Prin ce. Looks like they came out of the
bargain bin. " He checks the back of th e Beautiful Dead, "Something about weres,
ghosts, and early 21st century K-Pop Stars." He then goes through the others.
"Mercedes Lackey... Tolkien...  Looks like we've got a good selection."
 I say, "Damn, I guess that's one less thing we have to worry about."
 Leroy says, "Everyone can take on e book so you can all complete the
quest."
 I help myself to one of the Prince b ooks and say, "They came from the cash
shop using real money. I can pay you back if  we ever get out." I'm still thinking of
this place like it's our new home. What do I mean, "if?"
 Leroy says, "You're money's no good wi th me, or need I remind you that
it's because of the quest you brought me al ong for, that we now have a way to get
that logout button."
 My cheeks grow hot, "Yeah. That's pretty valuable. It hasn't quite sunk in
yet. We've been here so long that Freehav en's starting to feel more real than
Meatsville."
* * * * *
 It's now 6:45, and we're sitting inside  the Necropolis version of Fire and
Soul, it's a lot like the Haven tavern, sa ve for our half skeletal waitress with a
normal  body on top down to her sternum, and a fleshless skeleton below down to
her hips which are then fleshy again. Thankfully she's wearing a dress, which
conceals everything save for the cut out where her stomach should be. Instead of
a belly button, we're treated to glimpses of spine when she passes.
 The décor is also a bit different, thou gh nothing ghastly as you'd expect in
the underworld. Where the Fire and Soul  of Haven contrasts blue tiles and
draperies, with a warm yellow fire, Necr o-Durolan showcases tones of warm, red
velvet like the cupcakes of the same name.  The effect is that this place feels more
cozy, aside from some of the creepier in habitants like our waitress, and the other
is cool and intellectual, much like the mage city itself.
 Sajina's enjoying himself by playing hi s lyre near the hear th to the delight
of our NPC travel companions, and ghostly customers. No classic rock, or turn of
the century pop tonight, he's weaving note s into proper folk melodies, which has
people swaying and bobbing their heads in  appreciation. He even has his tame
shadowstalker with him, red eyes burning, juggling to the beat of the music.
 Tako says, "Where's Mirae?"
 A round of applause sounds as the gargoyle breaks his tune.  He says,
"Thank you. Thank you." Before launching into another song. This one a bit more
energetic than the smooth notes of the piece before, and I see Hadesfolk feet
tapping.
 Looking back to Tako I say, "She'll be here. I have little doubt she's
coming."
 Tako says, "But what if she doesn't? It 's been days since we scryed and saw
the message. What if something happened?"
 Pahrem says, "Chill out, ya gotta relax. If seven thirty comes around and
she still hasn't showed I'll scry again and see what she's up to."
 I say, "She's right."   Then look to Pahrem, "How was shopping?"
 She says, "I bought a few things, b ut most of the good stuff costs Hades
Marks, ain't no one in this group's got coin for that, but guess what..."
 "What?"  I say.
 She says, "They've got an auction house here that's connected to Haven
cities."
 I say, "So we can trade with Haven?"
 Pahrem says, "Looks like it."
 Leroy says, "I'll include it in my gu ide when I come back. That could be a
good way for people who are staying here  to make money. Everyone'll want the
new Hades  stuff."
 Tako looks like he's about to say something when a thin framed Sea Elf
woman with slightly green hair drifts th rough the door way.  My heart jumps.
Tako's chair screeches against the floor ti les as he stands abruptly. Some of the
patrons glance toward the discordant sound.
 Now Tako's frozen, caught between the desire to run up embrace her, and
swing her around, and having completely fo rgotten what he wanted to say. Mirae
looks up, and smiles when she sees our table.  It's a look that makes my heart go
to jelly. It's like watching a ghost as she glides toward us.
 "Hi!"  She says, and gives me a short hug. She then pauses, eyes Tako and
initiates a much longer embrace. He brushe s a strand of hair behind her ear, and
presses a long, sensual kiss to the top of her head, no doubt savoring her
perfumed springtime scent. I don't want to stare because this is their moment,
but at the same time seeing her alive, back from the dead, my new virtual little
sister... It's a sight to behold.
 Some thirty seconds into the embrace,  Leroy clears his throat, "I guess
this is who we're supposed to rescue?"
 Tako and Mirae unravel from their embrace.
 Pahrem says, "Hey, You're lookin' good, kid. It's good to see ya."
 I say, "This is Mirae. Mirae, this is..."
 She says, "Is that Leroy Jensen? Holy crap! Dude. I can't believe I'm
meeting you. I mean, I knew you were coming since you sent that message, but
dude! It's Leroy .... LEEEERRROOOOOOOOY  JEENNSEN." Tako looks a bit
perturbed.  Mirae looks to me and says, "How'd you get this guy to come?"
 Leroy winces, as if that wasn't his signature call.  It's kinda weird, traveling
with him this long, away from other pl ayers, because now wh en I see him he's
just a regular guy, albeit a ridiculously  overpowered took down Deadscream with
half the party dead regular guy. I'm not sure if I can see him anymore through the
lenses of celebrity tinted glasses.
 I say, "He was actually an old gu-"
 For the first time Frobod speaks up, honing in on an until now unexplored
chord of empathy. "It was all you're boyf riend's idea. Mel wanted to make this a
guild only event, but when Jensen show ed up, your man put his foot down and
said 'Only the best for Mirae.'"
 I say, "Errr. uhh.. yeah that 's exactly how it happened."
 Mirae hugs Tako's arm to her chest, and rests her head on his shoulder.
"You're the best guy ever, but..."
 Tako, sounding caught off guard for th e first time since I've met him, says,
"What?"
 Mirae says, "I don't think he's my boyf riend. We never made it official."
 Tako says, "Did you meet someone el se? Who is there to even meet in
Hades? What have you been doing?"
 Mirae says, "Well, Sten's here if yo u remember him. Half-goblin kid from
Dragonswood. He's been keeping me company."
 Tako says, "Sten?" a tone of shock in his voice. "The kid with all the
ruffles?"
 Mirae laughs, "That's the one!"
 I can imagine what's going through Tako 's head. This long apart, it'd be
horrible if she met someone, but Sten? The kid's like 12 years old.
 Tako says, "You two are uhh.." He touches the tips of his index fingers
together.
 Mirae says, "What? No. He's like two years old. I'm just saying he's been
keeping me company. It was nice to see a familiar face when I got here."
 Tako sighs with relief. "Alright then."
 Frobod looks to Mirae and says, "I don't know what you all had going in
the real world, but if you like him, this  is your boyfriend. Never seen a guy so
determined to make sure you were safe."
 M i r a e ,  s p e a k i n g  i n  a  t o n e  o f  " Awwwee," says, "Really?" and pecks his
cheek.
 I say, "It's been a hell of a journey... No pun intended."
 Mirae asks, "What do you mean?"
 I say, "We got a whole quest to rescue you." Remembering the quest item
in my inventory, I withdraw the Essence of the Lost Champion and gently set it
on the table. "You have to drink that for starters, then we escort you back to
Haven."
 Tako says, "We thought you were dead. We had a funeral and everything.
It's been weeks."
 Now Mirae looks confused, "Weeks?"
 I say, "You haven't checked your game clock?"
 Mirae says, "I have, but I thought it was just a bug. I've just been hanging
around here a few days."
 Tako, Frobod, and I exchange looks that say "Who wants to tell her?"
 I decide to do it, and say "You went offline after you went in the
digitization station. You didn't com e back until the Hades expansion was
announced in conjunction with the start of the Lost Champion  quest. That was
weeks after you died... or... at least we thought you had. What happened for you?"
 Mirae says, "I went into the digitiza tion chamber, and I was given all the
warnings about how proceeding would mean the death of my real world body, at
the gain of virtual immortality.  I already knew that so I clicked through."
 Tako asks, "Did it hurt?"
 Mirae shakes her head no. "I felt ligh t headed at first, and there was a tight
f e e l i n g  i n  m y  c h e s t  t h e n  n o t h i n g ,  a  b i t  l i k e  a  r u n n e r ' s  h i g h  f o l l o w e d  b y  r e -
engaging my senses in this new world. It was like waking up even though I was
already awake."
 Frobod frowns at this point, still o pposed to any form of suicide regardless
of whether or not consciousness survives.
 Leroy says, "Go on. I want to hear this."
 Mirae says, "Right... Well, the next window that popped up gave me the
chance to play a new subrace."
 Tako asks, "What are you?"
 I inspect her.

Mirae
Type:                    Player

Race:              Wraith - Elf (Sea)
Appearance:            6
Challenge:          Above Average

 I say "Looks like she's a wraith."
 Tako says, "You wanted to become a ghost?"
 Mirae shakes her head no. "I was supposed to become a mummy. Guess I
didn't read the fine print. I was o ffered a chance to play a mummy, not a
guarantee that I'd become one. I thought the chance was like... hey limited time
offer, get this deal while it lasts."
 Pahrem says, "Ain't that what Deadsc ream was? You want to be an undead
monster?"
 Leroy says, "The quest said Deadscream tried to become a mummy, but
the ritual didn't have enough power."
 "Oh."  Pahrem says, "Is that what's gonna to happen to her?"
 I say, "Let's hope not."
 Mirae says, "Mummies are the opposite  of undead, they're undying. They
literally can't die, and when you become one you gain access to a whole new kind
of magic."
 Leroy perks up, "Can't die? What ha ppens when you lose all your health,
are you invincible or something?"
 Mirae says, "I don't know, haven't played one yet. The passive ability
description says that you regenerate on e health per.... I forget how long, and
when you drop to zero health you drop  all threat and go unconscious until
regeneration kicks in.  It also says you have free access to Hades, though I don't
get why that's a thing since you're all here."
 I say, "Getting here isn't as easy as you think. You have to get past a boss
just to go through the gate."
 Leroy says, "That probably mean s Cerberus won't attack her."
 Mirae says, "You saw Cerberus?  Isn't he adorable?"
 Frobod says, "I remember him being pretty scary."
 Mirae says, "Well yeah, he looks scar y, but he acts like a big puppy."
 I ask, "That's probably because you're dead. Did you meet Charon?"
 Mirae says, "Yeah, he's the one that brought me to Durolan Necropolis. He
greets all the new souls."
 Leroy says, "I think he's the one that's going to take us back to Haven, or at
least the gate of Hades."
 Frobod asks, "Do we have enough marks?"
 Leroy says, "I almost forgot." and pu lls the pile of relic books from his
inventory. "Everyone take a novel for the library quest. I'm hoping these will all
be new to him."
 I say, "Leroy was pretty clever about bringing these over."
 Leroy says, "In any case, if you want to become a Mummy you'd better
drink that jar of magic sitting on the ta ble pronto. If you do n't this whole quest
will have been for nothing."
 Tako says, "You do still want to do it , right? There's a risk  and...  This isn't
a game anymore. Not for you... This is your life now. You could end up like
Deadscream."
 Pahrem says, "It ain't pretty."
 Tako says, "If you don't want to risk it , I'll just eat some  of the food here
and stay with you. We can be wraiths."
 Mirae says, "Oh shut up." She takes th e jar in her hands, unscrews the cap
and chugs it in a series of long loud gulps without putting it down for air. She's a
ghost now. Maybe she doesn't need any. She finishes it off with an Essence of the
Lost Champion moustache and wipes the residue from her lips to her arm.

Quest Update: The Lost Champion - Part 2

You have fed a lost soul in Hades th e Essence of the Lost Champion. Bring
it to the Lodge of Arcanum in Durolan, before it's too late.

WARNING: The Ritual of the Undying must be completed within 24 hours of
leaving Hades. Failure to conduct the ritual within the allotted time will
result in catastrophic failure.

 Frobod says, "Did you guys get the quest update?"
 Mirae now glows in a halo of white gh ost light that sets her apart from the
other spirits.  It's probably due to the essence she just consumed. It produces an
aura of sanctity about her that makes me feel that she must not be harmed.
 "Yeah."  I say.
 Pahrem says, "Got it."
 Mirae says, "I just got a new quest. You're right, it's all about becoming a
mummy."
 I ask, "What happened after you picked the subrace?"
 Mirae says, "There was a whole lot of stuff about being inaccessible for a
time, and that I'd be taken to a new city, then I was standing next to Cerberus on
a grassy hill with a dirt path leading to Charon."
 I ask, "How long ago was that?"
 Mirae says, "I don't know like.. five or  six days ago? I got your message on
my third day."
 Tako says, "We should hurry."
 Frobod looks to Mirae and says , "See what I mean? Determined."
 Mirae blushes, "I guess this means I have a boyfriend now?"
 Tako says, "I... yeah." as a boyi sh smile creeps across his face.
 Leroy says, "You can relax a bit. The quest says the timer doesn't start until
we leave Hades."
 Tako says, "I know. I'm fresh out of jerky, and I just want some food."
 Mirae asks, "Jerky?"
 I say, "Pehrom's come a long way."
 Mirae snuggles against Tako, rubbing her face into his arm like a cat.  She
says, "You think you could change it so Tako and I share a room?"
 I smile and say, "I'll have to check the settings."





Chapter 21 -  Clutching Your Balzac, Gripping Your
Longfellow

 After performing my daily devotion s to Sune, watchi ng Mirae say her
goodbyes to Sten was touching. The way she hugged him made me feel that they'd
developed a genuine connection in the  shor t time they were here together. Mirae
promised to let his family know that he's okay.
 Now we're approaching a dock an hour  outside of town where Charon is
propped against a piling reading his book. I check the cover, Great Expectations.
He smiles warmly and says, "Well hello."  He's still wearing that dark sweater.
 "Charon." I nod. "Keeping yourself  entertained I see. How many times
have you read that one?"
 H e  g i v e s  u s  a  r e s i g n e d  l o o k ,  a s  i f  t o  say that his love of stories is both a
blessing and a curse, "Four hundred and ei ghty-four, soon to be five in a few
chapters. I do love Pip."
 I say, "I don't know whet her to feel sad or impressed. It must take a lot of
time to read a book so many times."
 Charon says, "Time is something I have in abundance. How can I help
you?"
 Tako says, "We need passage back to the gate."
 I say, "The closest one to Durolan, if you can."
 Charon says, "That'll be costly. How many individuals will be coming?" He
counts. "Ten, if I'm not mistaken. Do you have 10,000 Hades Gold Marks?"
 "No..." I say, "But I think we have something better."
 "Oh?" Charon says. "I don't accept standard gold, and there's only one
other thing I can think of that would interest me."
 I ask, "Are you still looking for new books? Seem to remember you saying
something about them being worth more than their weight in gold."
  Charon's face grows somber, "I am, but alas not many cross the rainbow
bridge clutching their Balzac, or gripping their Longfellow. New literature is so
h a r d  t o  f i n d .  A  s i n g l e  b o o k  i s  w o r t h  m o r e  t h a n  i t s  w e i g h t  i n  g o l d .  M a n y  t i m e s
that."
 Tako snorts. "That's probably how I'll go out." Mirae swats his arm.
 He apologizes, "Sorry."
 I say, "They're authors."
 T a k o  h a s  s h i f t y  e y e s  a s  h e  s a y s ,  " I  k n e w  t h a t .  I  w a s  j u s t  t h i n k i n g  i t ' d  b e
profitable."
 Charon says, "Do you have a Balzac for me to examine?"
 I shake my head no, "I'm fresh out of Balzac. In fact I never had one."
 Charon asks, "Perhaps you're hiding a Dickens somewhere?"
 I shake my head, "No Dickens."
 "I do have a Prince." I present him with my copy of The Beautiful Dead.
"In fact, between us, we have a couple of Princes, Kings, Lackeys, Tolkiens, and
some guys that are new even in our world."
 Charon's eyes light up, as he says. "Hand it over.  Let me see."
 "Err.. Okay." I say, and pass him the no vel. It's way more excitement than I
could have imagined from the deity.
 He licks his fingers and begins pa ging through... One page... two pages..
Ten...    He then skips to the middle of the book, murmuring "Yes... yes.... yes!"
 Mirae looks uneasy as she asks, "Is he okay?"
 He raises a finger to her, that co mmands silence.  Skipping ahead to the
last chapter, he clutches the book to his breast, looks back, and gazes at the sky.
No one speaks, we're just watching. The sound of water gently lapping against the
shore eclipses the sounds of our breath.
 "Charon?" Leroy says.
 It takes him a moment to respond, as if stuck in a trance. When he does
speak, the ferryman's voice is filled with reverence. "You mean to say you have
ten such tomes?"
 Leroy says, "Fourteen actually, but whose counting?"
Charon sits on the dock, as if to preven t himself from fainting, and says, "Place
them here so I can see them."
 Each of us complies, followed by Lero y with an extra four novels. Charon
lifts, and inspects each one. "Yes...  Yes..."  He's making two piles. Those he hasn't
inspected, and the ones he approves of.  With each yes, comes another addition to
the accepted pile. Charon, speaking to no one in particular, says, "Truly
remarkable."
 I say, "So we have a deal?"
 He lifts his finger, and says "No."  A new pile is born as Charon deposits a
copy of Lord of the Rings away from the others. "I've read that one five hundred
three times. Don't believe me? I can re cite the entirety of Tom Bombadil's
chapters."
 Frobod says, "We believe you."
 It's only then that I realize that Charon was simply rejecting the book
rather than turning down the offer of  transport.
 Leroy says, "I guess I'll take th at one back, but I brought extras."
 When Charon reaches the end of the pi le he reiterates, "Truly remarkable.
The cost of passage is ten novels, but for the final three..." He eyes Leroy says,
"What would you say to 10,000 Hades Gold Marks."
 Leroy says, "Well.."
 Charon adds, "Each of course."
 Leroy says, "I hadn't consid-"
 Charon says, "Not enough? 20,000 a piece then. That's 60,000 Hades
Marks. You won't find a better offer."
 Leroy says, "Okay."
 Charon says, beaming with a genuine eye touching smile on his face, "It's
done then."
 A huge sack of coins materializes in  his hand which he passes to Leroy.

You have completed the quest Charon's Library!
You have received:
+ 1000 Personal Reputation with Charon, Ferryman of Hades
 (+200 reputation for each novel after the first)
Free passage along the rivers of Hades
50 Hades Gold Marks
300 Gold

 Charon says, "Thanks be to all of you. Should you ever return to Hades, I
will ferry you along it's rivers, free of charge. You've given me a gift fit for a king
this day."
 I say, "Wait... The free passage is permanent? You'll take us for free every
time?"
 Charon, "... but of course. You didn't think I'd  take such treasures from
you at the price of a single trip, did you?"
 Tako says, "Holy crap. The whole time  we've been here we've only earned
like a thousand marks, and then free pa ssage after that. "He looks to Leroy,
"Man... You might not want to make the rewards of this quest public."
 Leroy smirks, "Undying Plate here I come."
 I say, "I wonder if the difficulty of  the quest will increase as Charon's
library expands."
 Frobod says, "Who know s, doesn't matter now."
 Pahrem says, "Speakin' as someone who was tryin' to do some shoppin' I'd
say it's very relevant. 20,000 Hades Gold Marks can buy a lot of gear."
 Charon says, "Shall we be off then?"
 I say, "Lets."
 The oversized gondola rocks as we bo ard, it seems to have expanded to
suit the needs of our party which Mirae is now a part of.  He pushes off the dock
which transforms into a river of fire as we drift closer to the center. I feel like I'm
being roasted alive, though I take no damage. I begin to wonder how long it'll
take us to get to the gate, when the boat  begins gliding across the surface of the
river at improbable speeds. Our surroundings blur past us in streaks of color that
our eyes can't begin to track. That's what happens when you have a God as your
rower. The crimsons and golds of the burn ing River Phlegethon, fade into the
dreamy forgetful mists of the River Lethe as they seem to have merged.
 We're still moving too fast for my ey es to follow. I don' t know where I am.
There's an elf with a strange white ligh t surrounding her sitting across from me,
but I can't place who she is. I feel like I should know, because...  because... I look
to a man sitting beside me, holding a gr eat war hammer on the floor between his
legs. I ask, "Do you know who I am?"
 "Huh?" He says, and narrows his eyes intently, trying to grasp hold of a
slippery thought that he can't handle. "I .. don't think so. I want do say you're
familiar but I don't know.  Do you know who I am?"
 I shake my head no. I don't understa nd why I'm on a boat with all these
strange people.  I look back to the Ferryman.  "Where are we going?"
 A half-elf sitting next to the hallowed Sea-Elf says, "Yeah where are you
taking us?"
 A goblin woman says, "Are we okay?"
 The Ferrymen speaks, in a calming, con trolled voice.  "Hush... It won't be
much longer.  You've paid for safe passage."
 I'm trying to figure out what that means, when memories start to take hold.
Faces are becoming more familiar.  Le..  something. Lenard?  Leland.... Leroy, is
sitting next to me!   Ugh... Frickin' Lethe.
 The gondola thuds against the little wooden dock from which we started
our journey deeper into Hades, and Charon says, "We've arrived. I've brought you
to the same gate as I trust the journey on the other side will be more familiar. It's
about as far from your destination as the next closest gate on the River Styx."
 I say, "Thank you Charon. We'll meet again."
 The god says, "I look forward to it, and remember. I'm always looking for
new books."





Chapter 22 -  Undying

 Cerberus wags his spaded tail as we pass through the gate, and head butts
me so hard that it nearly sends me to my rump. It's not an attack. He's just happy
to see me. Mirae pats the right head's nose.
 I release a deep breath, and say "I wa s worried that he'd attack when we
crossed through the gate."
 Frobod says, "I guess he's only worri ed about the living going into Hades
and the dead coming out."
 Tako says, "What about Mirae?"
 I say, "It must be because of that Halo."
 Mirae confirms, "I've got a buff calle d 'Essence of the Undying.' No boost
in stats, it just says that I'm one of the undying... almost, and that I need to
complete the ritual within 24 hours."
 I pat Cerberus's nose goodbye and sa y, "Sorry dog, can't stay. We've got
places to be."  The massive creature runs a small circle around himself, picks up
the short bow I left fat the end of our last encounter, and drops it at my feet.
 I  s i g h .  " A l r i g h t . "   I  s a y .   " O n e  t i m e . "   I  p i c k  u p  t h e  p o o r  q u a l i t y  w o o d e n
object, and hurl it back toward the gate.  The three headed dog goes bounding
after. Everyone but Mirae stares at me with expression akin to "What the fuck are
you doing?"
 The monstrous animal retrieves the gn arled bow, and drops it in front of
m e .   I  p i c k  i t  u p  a g a i n ,  t h r o w  i t ,  a n d  w h e n  h e  g o e s  b o u n d i n g  a f t e r  I  l o w e r  m y
voice and say "Let's go."
 The animal whines as we depart.
 Frobod says, "There's still a ton of Un dead. How do you want to play this?"
 I pull out my VT and fast equip all of MarineLu's caster gear. Bite vanishes,
and I'm now sporting a pair of silver war fans.
 Tako says, "What are you doing?"
 I say, "I thought of this before we le ft. I'm going to Thunder Bridge us back
to Durolan, but even in caster gear I do n't have enough manna to take everyone.
We don't know how long it'll take them to do the ritual to transform Mirae, and
I'm not keen on taking chances."
 Tako says, "I agree." in a decisive voice, and then less certainly follows
"But if you have enough for more than two people, can I come?"
 I nod and say, "Mirae and Tako, yo u come with me. I can take one more
but I don't want to cut the party down too much if you've got to battle your way
out of this cave."
 Frobod says, "We can always just die and respwan."
 I say, "Maybe you guys can, but I don' t want to risk her respawning. Not to
mention, I don't think that'll work for th em either. " I indicate Annette, Jason,
and James.
 Pahrem asks, "So what's the plan?"
 Leroy steps up, "I'm tank.  You're heal s. Sajina and Leroy are DPS.  We can
four-man our way out of here. No problem."  He looks to me and says, "Once
we're out, we'll make our way to the neares t city, find a Wayfarer's Hall, and take
a portal. I'll cover the costs if you don' t have the money. That little quest with
Charon made me rich."
 "Hades rich." Pahrem says.
 Leroy says, "I've got money. Sound good to everyone?"
 I say, "Yeah, meet at Cupcake Keep , and I'm sure Pehrom will cook up a
feast.  Send Lorak when you're in town."
 Leroy says, "You're on my friends li st. I'll just send a private message."
 "Oh yeah..." I say, "We're in Haven now. I forgot we can send messages.
Hit me up when you get back to town, and I'll see about getting some grub."
 Now that we have access to sendin g messages to players in Haven I pull
out my VT and fire off a quick hello to Pehrom.

Melpomine:    We're back. Outside the Gate of Hades now, but I'm gonna
ride the lightning home with Mirae and Tako. The rest will be coming the old
fashioned way.
Pehrom:    Good shit! She okay?
Melpomine:      She is for now, but we 've got to finish the quest ASAP or risk
"catastrophic failure."  Don't know how long it'll take, but I doubt more than a
few hours.
Melpomine:    I heard about your wife.  Can't wait to meet her.
Pehrom:     Well, she's here now so whatever.
Pehrom:       About Mirae, Fuck yeah man. I'm glad it worked out.
Melpomine:    Do you think you could prepare food for our group? We're all
hungry and have been living on jerky and tasteless rations for a while.
Pehrom:       No problem. We got 20  guys over here from Justice anyway.
Few extra plates are no problem.  How many you got?
Melpomine:    Justice?
Melpomine:     Ten would be good if  you can manage. We picked up a few
extras in Hades who are literally starving.
Pehrom:     A bunch of dick bags attacked the keep when they learned
you were gone.
Pehrom:     We oughta formalize an alliance. They're good dudes to have
on your side.
Pehrom:   Did some recruiting and Justice helped out.
Melpomine:    We'll talk when I get back.
Pehrom:   Yeah well, don't mind the Gargoyles. Had to spend points for
some emergency upgrades while you were gone. Ya won't recognize the place.
Melpomine:    See you soon.

 I stow my VT, and look to the gr oup. "What do you guys know about
Justice?"
 "The guild?" Leroy asks.
 I say, "Pehrom wants a formal alliance with them."
 Leroy asks, "What happened?"
 I say, "Who said anything happened? " pause, and continue "Cupcake Keep
was attacked while we were gone becaus e they knew the guild master was in
Hades."
 Leroy says, "That sounds like them , since the Muffin s are small now.
Justice is kind of a white knights guild. They go around protecting players from
asshole PvPers that like ruining people's day." He jerks his head to Sajina, "Like if
one of their members saw some guy pop out of nowhere and gank our bard before
I taught him how to handle himself, they 'd be all over the attacker sending him
for respawn until he learned his lesson.  They're kind of anti-bullies, or PvP
bullies of bullies."
 "They sound like interesting people."  I look to the Toxic Muffins in our
g r o u p ,  " I  gu e s s  t h a t e x p l a i n s  w h y  w e  g o t s o  m a n y  n ew  m e m b e rs . "   t h e n  r eg a r d
Sajina, "I know you were a soc before this  adventure, but if you ever decide to
leave the safety of major cities again, th ere will be a place for you with the Toxic
Muffins. So far as socs go you're not so bad."
 The gargoyle scratches the back of his stone head. "I'll think on it."
 I say, "How often do you use this alias?"
 Sajina says, "Just Halloween, when I' m questing or might see battle, which
is to say... pretty much never."
 I say, "So your not in a guild then?"
 Sajina says, "My elf alias is."
I  s a y ,  " I ' l l  s e n d  y o u  a n  i n v i t e . "  a s  I  pull out my VT, "Our character stats were
pooled, but each alias can join a different guild."
 Sajina says, "Really?"
 I nod. "Found that out the first day of the merge."

Sajina has joined the guild.

 I say, "Welcome. We'll get you a re call stone when we have dinner." The
gargoyle looks bashful albeit flattered, an odd contrast to his rocky face.
 "Thanks..." He says.  "I've never really been good at adventuring."
 Leroy says, "You've got a sick buil d now. Keep practicing, and you'll
destroy on the battlefield.
 I say, "Leroy's right.  You held yo ur own against Deadscream, and that was
no easy boss." I then turn to Tako and Mirae, and say, "Are you guys ready?"
 Tako says, "Ready as I'll ever be."
 Mirae says, "Let's do it."
 I  s a y ,  " P e a c e  o u t . "   a n d  b e g i n  w h i p p i n g  m y  f a n s  a r o u n d  m e  i n  a  b l u r  o f
motion. Undead across the stream moan  and horde together as air from my
Windsoul Skystrikers sweeps through the cavern. I hold the entrance of the
Lodge of Arcanum in my mind.
 Speaking in the dull trancelike voice that comes while I'm casting, I say,
"Hold hands and gather round."
 My hair stirs around me, as a purple dome begins to take shape with arcs
of electricity scurrying over its surface. The small hairs on my arms and back of
m y  n e c k  b e g i n  t o  r i s e .   I t  f e e l s  l i k e  t he elemental magic within me is about to
detonate when one of my fans disappears into inventory,  I latch on to Tako's
wrist, and a bolt of lightning strikes the do me at a forty five degree angle.  It jerks
us over the pit of undead, connected to  my remaining war fan, to which I'm
holding fast.

Cast Thunder Bridge - Success!

 It's a carnival ride from hell as we 're towed at superhuman speed through
the twists and sharp corners  of the cave, until we launch out of it's yawning
mouth like a comet. I'm dizzy as I think, "Frobod wouldn't have liked this."
 It's only when we're under the clear blue sky that the cut screen begins,
and we're super manning through the air as  I've come to expect.  Dizziness fades,
and I appreciate the rush of moving so fast, high above the earth.
 Tako shouts, "Whoa!" as Mirae screams, "This is awesome!"
 It only now occurs to me that this is her first time.
 KA-BLAM!
 Thunder cracks as the cut screen fades, and we're deposited roughly
outside the Lodge of Arcanum. Blue and purple spots dance in my vision. The
intensity of the crack seems to grow with each additional traveler.
 Mirae says, "That's it. I'm learning mart ial arts. Either I'm going off to find
a monastery, or you're going to learn the instruction skill so you can teach me."
She has giggles in her voice. The mood's  been so heavy sinc e she left that I'm
falling in love with her carefree nature.
 The young mage Rauel in his blue robes embroidered in arcane symbols,
sprints outside followed by a quartet of apprentices wearing flat grey. He says,
"What's....?" Then his eyes settle on me. "Lady Lord Melpomine.  Lord TakoStar."
His eyes dart between us, then to Mirae who still casts an aura of pale ghost light.
"Is this...?  Is she?  Come inside. Hurry. We haven't much time"
 Right to business.  I like that.
 Rauel continues, "You, and you." He indicates two of the apprentices.
"Fetch Masters Marulan and Aluwyn. You tw o, inform the council of their return
and that the ritual will soon begin."
 The apprentices scurry off.
 I say, "Before you start, we have something that may help you. We
encountered Deadscream the Forsaken while in Hades. He was... almost... a
draconic mummy." I withdraw the Book of Death and Rebirth from my inventory
and present it to him with both hands.
 Rauel takes it under his arm, and le ads us toward the lodge.  He says,
"This way." Up until now his voice has been urgent, but now there's a hint of
something else... A mad scientist's glee. "This is so exciting. No one in Durolan
has attempted this kind of magic in centur ies. Just imagine if we can resurrect..."
He looks like he's about to fan girl clap, but settles for an excited clinching of his
fists due to the large book in his possession.
 I say, thinking of Marulan's warnings  about turning Mirae into an undead
horror, "Don't be too hasty. Have a look at the book I brought you to see if it'll
help."
 We pass through long marble and st one halls with high columns. A few
turns, and we eventually settle into a circ ular spell chamber, not unlike the one
used to cast the portal that brought us to the gate of Hades. Violet geometric
designs are set into the tiled floor. The main difference is instead of a crown at
the center of the room, there's a smoot h stone workbench which Rauel sets the
Book of Death and Rebirth on, and  begins skimming.
 Tako says, "Won't it take a whil e to go through the whole thing?"
 "No..." Rauel says in a distracted voice. "Yes... I can see this might be
useful."
 He closes the cover, reaches into th e pocket of his robe, and sprinkles
black powder over the surface of the book.
 Mirae asks, "What is it?"
 Rauel says, "Expedience." He removes a bowl and a jar full of a clear liquid
from under the bench, that smells of camphor. He pours some of the liquid into
the bowl, wets his fingers and flicks drop lets over the powder on the cover while
moving his hands in a wide circular moti on. He chants an arcane language which
I do not understand.
 "Te'rava textu, hala nembu shiol ri.
 Te'rava textu, hala nembu shiol ri.
 Te'rava textu, hala nembu shiol ri.
 Te'rava textu, hala nembu shiol ri."
 With each repetition of the phrase his hands make another circle paired
with another flick of liquid over the cover. That can't be good for an ancient text.
 At the conclusion of the spell, he lays  his open palm on the surface of the
cover, it glows sickly yellow, and returns to  normal, save that the outside text has
vanished beneath his palm.

Rauel casts Tome Absorption.  Success.

 His breath catches, and  his eyes grow frantic and wide. "By the gods."
 "What is it?" Tako asks.
 Rauel says, "You've saved us all."
 Tako asks, "Is Mirae going to be okay? What happened?"
 Rauel says, "She's going to be ok ay... now." He looks to me and says,
"Thank you for bringing this to me."
 I say, "I feel like I'm missing something."
 Rauel says, "The spell I just cast a llowed me to absorb the knowledge of
this book."
 Glancing down at the blank cover, I ge t the feeling that he means "Absorb"
quite literally, and wonder if he used the spell for less than altruistic purposes.
 "That's good?" A note of question riding in my voice.
 "It is. If I had enacted the ritual in the way I'd planned." He shudders. "It
would have failed for sure. We don't n eed to discuss what would have happened
to your friend here... and the city of Durolan."
 I say, "I'm glad I brought it." with re servation in my voice. "You know what
you have to do now?"
 "I do." Rauel says, "And it will be  marvelous. Whew... That was close."
 I say, "I'll take your word for it."
 Mirae, oddly the least concerned of us  all says, "So when do we start?" She
looks to Tako. "I'll be fine."
 Rauel says, "Shortly. Come with me  to the preparation chamber. Lady
Lord Melpomine, Lord TakoStar, I have to ask you to wait outside. Either within
the Lodge, or elsewhere.   We can't risk compromising the ritual."
 Tako says, "You mean we can't even watch?"
 Rauel, "It's too dangerous. Everything must be precise, and our wizards
must have full concentration."
 I put a comforting hand on Tako's ar m.  "Relax. They'll get it right."
* * * * *
 Waiting outside the Lodge of Arcanum feels like watching Mirae go into
the digitization station all over again, not knowing if she'll return. Tako is intense,
and rebuffs any efforts I make to comfort him.
 I say, "It won't be long."
 He says, "Yeah."  in a clipped tone.
 I let out a deep breath, the chanting pouring out of the lodge is eerie. I can
imagine people swaying back and forth li ke zombies with dull unthinking eyes.
Every repetition of the chorus we hear is punctuated by a gong-like crash, and
metallic ting. It seems to go on for ever.
 Shadows stir, and seem to come to life , and in the corner of my eye, I could
have sworn I saw a woman walking, who is no longer there. Am I seeing
Hadesfolk?  BWONNNG.. CRASSSH  TING.
 That sound again.   Every time it hits my vision flickers as if I'm catching
brief glimpses of Durolan Necropolis.
 CRASH -  DING.
 I'm certain this time. For half a second, I see a pair of guards with their
lumpy hats, crystal spears, and red and black armor. What are they doing? I
wonder what's happening in Hades.
 The sound changes. A chorus of male throats sing and hold a long low note.
"Ahhhhhhhhhh....." a step ha lf way between a Gregorian chant, and the theme
song of the Pearly Gates.
 I catch myself singing "Ahhhhhh....."
 Tako joins in, "Ahhhhhhhhh."
 Havenfolk stop on the street and contr ibute to the chorus. I raise my arms
to the heavens, without understanding why, and now Tako's doing it too... and
the fruit vendor twenty feet away, and the guy standing beside a mail box.
 "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh."  The note lasts an eternity.  It bounces off of
buildings, sounding throughout the city in a ghostly song.  "Ahhhhhhh."
 Mind control?
 "Ahhhhhhhhhhh.."
 Something appears in the sky above, a flying serpent with tiny wings, a
feathered crest, with a spike upon it's ta il. "Ahhhhhhhh..."  It thrashes above the
lodge, huge and powerful, before coiling in mid air and biting it's own tail.
 The music stops.
 Our hands are still raised, though Havenfolk on the street wear confused
expressions. The image of the flying sn ake breaks apart, becoming insubstantial
until nothing is left save for a trail of cumulus clouds that might look like an O if
you're trying hard to find it.
 My arms fall. The streets are silent. There's ringing in my ears. The scenery
feels hyper real.
 "Mirae?" Tako asks.
 I t  t a k e s  m e  a  m o m e n t  t o  f i n d  m y  v o i c e .  I  s t a n d ,  a n d  s a y  " I  d o n ' t  k n o w .
Let's go find out."
 Two steps toward the Lodge, and a small figure greets us, bandaged from
head to toe.  She has clean wraps, unlike Deadscream.
 "Mirae..." Tako says.
 She's not saying anything. I don't thin k she can since her mouth is covered.
Rauel exits too, guiding her by the arm. Tako stiffens. The mage reaches around
and begins to unwind her coverings. I ho ld my breath. Her mouth is revealed,
and her skin is healthy.   The beginning of a grin tugs at her lips. Now her eyes are
visible, and they are exactly the same as before, save for presence of small golden
flecks that interrupt the green.
 I inspect her.

Mirae
Type:                        Player

Race:              Elf (Sea) - Undying
Appearance:            6
Challenge:          Above Average


 The only difference now is that her nameplate is trimmed in gold, and she
lacks the white aura imparted by the Essence of the Lost Champion as a wraith.
 I say, "It's still Mirae."
 Tako runs toward her, and throws hi s arms around  her small body.  I'm
amused to see that she pu shes him off, kisses her ha nd, and pats him on the
cheek. I approach at a more leisurely pace, and she says, "World first mummy!"
She cheers, "I told you there'd be nothing to worry about. I can't die! How cool is
that?"

You have completed the quest The Lost Champion - Part 2!

You have received:
 +10,000 Reputation in Durolan
Point Break x 2

LeroyJensen:   We just got credit for the Lost Champion Quest. Thanks!
That concludes our deal.
Melpomine:    Thanks for your help.  It 's a shame we didn't  have time to do
more training.
LeroyJensen:   Don't forget our other agreement, you said you'd take me to
Dragonswood for your quest turn in with the mortals.
LeroyJensen:    Since you're helping me  out with some of these vids, I might
be able to work in some time to train you one afternoon next week.  That'll give
you some time to grind skill ups, and ea rn more points for spells and special
abilities.
Melpomine:    Thanks. Alright.  Yeah , I haven't forgotten, you can come.
How far are you from Durolan?
LeroyJensen:   We'll probably be there in an hour.
Melpomine:    See you at CK then.

 Now that Mirae is transformed, I'm ab le to view her subracial features, by
pulling up her profile on my VT. The mummy  traits are granted on top of her sea
elf racial bonuses.

The Undying (Mummy)
Subrace - Can be applied to any standard living race.

Bonus Traits:
Undying - You cannot be killed. Damage that takes
you to zero health or below leaves you unconscious.
Enemies will stop attacking y ou. You can be healed by
other characters, or your heal th will return naturally at
the rate of 1 per hour.

Heku Magic - You may now wield the power of ancient
Heku magic.

Death's Insight - Having died, spent time as a wraith,
and come back from Hades you retain any ghostly
abilities you learned in Hades, and may continue to
advance them at double the standard cost. Note: Some
powers, such as Soul S haping, cannot be used on the
living. You may freely ent er and depart Hades without
fear of guardians. This bonus does not apply to party
members, and guardians will become hostile if attacked
first, or you have healed a character they are fighting.

Alive - For the purposes of powers that affect and
detect the living, you are considered to be twice as
alive, and contain double the life energy of standard
mortals


 Access to new magic and ghost powers is pretty cool, but I'll have to think
on the part about undying.  By never dr opping below zero health, it effectively
grants her immunity to resurrection pena lties after dying and resing at a bind
point, but at the same time there's no more exploiting death for quick transport
to your bind point. As a tank, I think it cou ld be useful to be able to drop down to
zero health, and then receive a heal that'll put me back in the fight, but that's not
what Mirae is. As a healer, she won't be able to heal herself if she's unconscious.
 I say, "Congratulations.  It's good to have you back."
 Mirae beams and says, "Thanks." before snuggling into Tako.
 I say, "I'm gonna give you two some time to catch up while I turn in my
paladin quest."
 Mirae says, "You're not following Helios anymore?"
 I say, "Scooti is still a Paladin of  Helios, but I'm taking Melpomine a
different direction. If all goes we ll, by dinner Durolan will have a new
Thunderlord."
 Mirae says, "Sune. Lightning. I can see it."


Chapter 23 - Lady Thunderlord

 Scattered wind chimes in manicured tr ees sing  their welcome as I arrive.
 Ariel looks up from his incense stand and says, "Lord Melpomine. Back
from your journey?"
 "I am." I say, "And what a journey it was."
 "Oh?" the old man asks, "Did you go someplace interesting?"
 "All the way into and through Hades, then back to the living."
 Ariel says, "Oh my, that is a journey.  Have you returned with a treasure?"
 On this point I feel less certain, as I begin depositing random vendor trash
items on his table. I say, "They're uniq ue to Hades. You won't find them in
Haven."
 "I see." Ariel says, a note of disappointment lacing his voice.
 "They're not good enough?" I ask.
 Ariel says, "What you offer to the Lord  of Lightning and Travel is between
you and him. It's not my place to judge.  Perhaps one of these items has special
significance to you..." He trails, sounding doubtful.
 I shake my head. "Not really. I just thought since they were unique by
Haven standards..."
 Ariel says, "The essence of becoming a Thunderlord is sacrifice. You must
give yourself to Sune completely, and show that you are sincere. What will you be
without if you devote these items?"
 I think on the question, a sigh touches my lips.  A few dozen gold most
likely.
 Ariel says, "I can see from your expr ession that you must take time to
choose wisely."
 I equip Bite and frown not wanting to give it up.
 Ariel says, "A fine weapon for a Thun derlord. Did you find it in Hades?"
 "No." I say, "I've been using it fo r a while. It has sentimental value."
 "Then keep it, and wield it proudly in the service of Sune. The Lord of
Travel asks that you sacrifice something acquired on your journey."
 I pull out my VT and scroll through ev erything we obtained on our quest.
My eyes settle on the Dragon Heartstone, and I withdraw it from inventory.  I
read the description, "Can be sold fo r more than 10,000 gold in the right
markets."
 That's a lot of money. Two and a ha lf times my Dragonswood Tournament
earnings, that bankrupted Sleeve the bookie , and yet...  It's a quest item. It'd be
really nice to have the extra coin, and upgrade my gear, maybe buy some
enchantments.  I grit my teeth, and place the stone on Ariel's table.
 Ariel says, "Oh. Now, that's a pr etty stone. Where did you get it?"
 I say, "It came from Deadscream the Forsaken. A soul eating undead
dragon."
 "In Hades?" Ariel asks.
 I nod.
 Ariel says, "It looks quite valuable, th ough I'm no expert on magic gems."
 I ask, "Do you think it's appropriate?"
 He says, "Your offerings to Lord Sune  are not for me to judge." though his
voice is more positive.
 "Alright."  I say, "I get the picture. It 's a choice I have to make for myself."
 He gives me a bemused smile, with a twinkle in his eye that says, "Wash
your ears. That's what I've been saying."
 "Thank you." I say. "I think I'm ready."
 Ariel says, "Buy some in cense before you start?"
 I say, "Of course. Show me what you've got."   I browse the wide selection
of incense, make my selection, and fork over ten gold.

You have received Supreme Incense of the Stormlord.

Supreme Incense of the Stormlord     10 Gold
Blessed incense containing rare herbs that are very
pleasing to Sune. Used in marital ceremonies,
before dangerous journeys, and when considering a
change of vocation.

 Ariel says, "Good choice. Sune  finds this most pleasing."
 I take a deep breath, bow respectfully, and begin walking the stone path to
the  granite alter. Birds sing. No one else is visiting the temple at this time. This
feels different from becoming a paladin of Helios.  The Sunlord's clergy is more
structured, and there were no less than twelve NPCs present for the ceremony. By
contrast, with Sune... It's just me and him.  ... and Ariel if you count the priest,
though he plays no part in the devotion. He's just sort of watching, looming from
afar.  I wonder if this means Sune will give me more personal attention.
 I think about the voice in the wind. That wasn't Sune. Who's missing me?
 I kneel before the alter, and press my forehead to the earth before it.   I
then rise, and place the incense with the Dragon Heartstone on the alter as an
offering.  My heart irrationally hastens as I touch my forehead to the lightning
bolt symbol of Sune.
 It's not like it's a real god.

You are praying.  Do you want to of fer tribute to Sune , God of Lightning
and Travel?   Yes / No

 I choose yes.

You are paying tribute with a quest item. Offering Dragon Heartstone to
Sune may change your vocation. Do you wish to proceed? Yes / No

 I choose yes.
 The sky grows dark. So cloudy.  The wi nd howls, causing branches to bend,
and birds to abandon trees. Electricity builds in the air. There's no quest prompt.
Have I failed?
 A voice sounds, omnipresent an d sincere. "Rise my chosen."
 Not the other voice.
 I stumble to my feet.
 My breath catches, awaiting my god' s next words. He says nothing. The
wind blusters causing my hair to wave in a tangle across my face.
 My lips tremble, "My Lord...?"
 A powerful gust makes me stagger.
 A woman's voice mixes in. "J."
 Scent of ozone.
 "Sal?"
 KA-CRASH!
 Thunder.
 A wall of blue fire incinerates me where I stand.

Sune hits you for 1,476 damage.
You absorb 16 points of damage.
You have died.

* * * * *
 "Awake." a man's voice says, it's Ar iel. "Awaken now Lady Thunderlord.
You are reborn in the Stormlord's service."
 My health's at 20%.... 30%...  Arie l's healing. 50%. I didn't get a
resurrection prompt, or find myself disembodied and standing by my corpse, so I
can only assume this is a scripted event... Though the moments before are fogged
in a dreamlike haze. I don't know what I heard.
 Ariel says, "Welcome back to the living... Once again."

You have completed the quest Thunderlord!

You have gained:
Title:  Thunderlord
Ability to cast divine spells
+5000 reputation with clergy of deities allied with Sune.
You are now Honored with Sune's clergy

 "Thanks..." I say. "I didn't expect the lightning."
 Ariel says, "He's the god of Lightning and Travel."
 "I know." I say, "I'm a Thunderlor d." A note of self deprecating humor
slips into my face. "Thank you for the resurrection."
 Ariel says, "In his service."
 I echo, "In his service."


Chapter 24 -  Home Again

 Dinner is amazing. No lasagna as we  might have hoped, but Pehrom has
figured out how to make pasta out of raw Haven ingredients.  By now the Justice
members the chef have mentioned have gone home.
 Tako says, with a mouth full of food, "Chicken parm is love."
 Sajina says, "I like the chicken."  He'd changed to his elf skin before
entering Durolan to avoid being attacked by guards, but once within the walls of
guild headquarters he changed back to his stone form.
 Pehrom wasn't kidding, a lot has chan ged. For starters, the keep is three
stories higher than it was before we le ft, and six stone bastard sword wielding
gargoyles police the grounds.  I haven't had the grand tour yet, but I'm pretty sure
I saw balisstas mounted on the roof that hadn't been there before.
 Pehrom says, "Mel... Tako.. Frobod.. Fuck it... everyone who don't know
already, this is Lilly, my old lady."
 A big eared, black haired, red eyed go blin woman stands beside him  with
her hair pulled into a sporty pony tail. She has pouty lips and a pretty face....
attractive for a goblin. Does that make me racist?
 She says, "Creep. Who ya callin' old lady?" She then regards me and says,
"The hubby says good things about ya."
 I say, "We're glad to have you. Wh en I heard the news, I was worried about
you."
 She says, "I'm still here aren't I? I ain't a stupid girl back in Meatsville. I
made sure I wasn't dyin'."
 I ask, "So what's the de al with the defenses?"
 Pehrom says, "So I was muckin' ar ound with the interface after my
promotion, right?  And I accidently set the keep to PvP mode. Word got out that
you were in Hades, and this bunch of cock snobbers  came out of nowhere and
declared war tryin' to loot us dry!"
 I say, "How'd they know I was in Hades?"
 Pehrom says, "I was trying to get some more people to help in the kitchen
since I was sellin' jerky and it was takin' o ff n' shit.  Some people wanted to join,
and I was like 'Hold up. I've gotta talk to  M e l ,  b u t  s h e ' s  i n  H a d e s . '    T h e n  y o u
know how it goes... they tell a friend, and they tell two friends, and pretty soon it's
a monster clusterfuck on our doorstep. Luckily those Justice guys stepped in, and
we we're able to defend."
 I say, "You could have invited without asking."
 "Yeah..." Pehrom says, "I could have, but since we're partners and I figured
you'd be back in a few days, I thought I should wait a bit."
 I ask, "What changed your mind?"
 Lilly says, "This dope over here, didn't know he could send invites. Sure,
get us tangled in a muthafuckin' war, but he don't know how to send a guild invite.
That's my husband for ya."
 Pehrom says, "Hey! I invited. I did g ood by the Toxic Muffins. I ain't ever
been an officer before."
 "With my help."  Lilly says.  "Anywa y, we got a bunch of guys who were
happy to work for food, but a couple of loud ones also wanted guild benefits.  It's
the whole LE thing, since you're names on the leader board with Dragonsbane.
Pretty soon, they all wanted a taste of that LE goodness. I don't blame em'.
Enemy at our doorstep, and I said, 'Rob, we don't have time for negotiation' send
em' all the invite and let's get planin'."
 Frobod says, "Rob?"
 Pehrom says, "That's my name in the real world."
 I say, "I'm Justine."
 Lilly gives me a reverse nod. "Nice to meet ya. I'm Lilly. It's not just a cleva
name."
 Frobod says, "Aaron."
 Tako adds, "Chris."
 Mirae says, "My name's Amy."
 Pahrem says, "I'm Leah."
 It's surreal hearing everyone confess their real world identities, and it
brings us closer together. More like a fami ly, or at the very least crossing the line
over that divides gaming buddy, and real  friendship. Until now they've all just
been Mirae, Frobod, Tako, and..." I look to Leroy and say "What's your name?"
 Leroy says, "I'm Leroy. What  you see is what you get."
 I look to Sajina, curious if he'll join the discussion.
 He says, "I'm Mandeep."
 Pehrom says, "What you, from India or somethin'?"
 Sajina says, "Los Angeles, though I am Indian."
 I say, "He's a kickass bard, and now a sorcerer."
 Pehrom says, "Hot shit. That oughta help if we gotta fight anymore
battles."
 Sajina, modest as always, says, "I am a bard, but I'm still learning the
sorcerer thing."
 Leroy says, "Don't listen to him. We  spent his points together, and I made
him a damn monster."
 Pehrom says, "How many did he have to spend?"
 Sajina says, "Put it this way... I've been playing since the game started, but
I was never really into adventuring. I just stayed around town playing music, and
leveling my social abilities."
 Pehrom whistles, "Fuck me.  That's  like a brand new character with a
million quadrillion XP, and you had Jens en do your build for ya? How's your
attributes."
 Sajina says, "I've been investing in Dexterity and Charisma for a long time,
since they help my music playing and perf ormance abilities.  Haven't dinged as
much as you guys fighting mons since I've stayed in town, but it happens
sometimes completing social and intrigue quests."
 Leroy chuckles, "I'm not much of a DPS player, but I think we managed."
 I say, "We've also got big news, but I'm not sure how to break it..."
 "Yeah?" Pehrom asks, "What's that?"
 "We found a logout quest."
 It's old news to most of us, but we're all quiet waiting for their reaction. It's
Lilly who breaks the silence, with an ex plosive "Holy shit!" She nudges Pehrom,
"Ya hear that? We can go home honey."
 Pehrom, sounding less enthusiastic says, "Yeah, that sounds awesome.
We'll have to talk about it."
 I say, "There are some complications. There's an item that starts the quest
chain, and we all got a copy of it, but to do the turn in, you have to have the item
because the first objective is to return a lost doll to it's owner."
 Leroy says, "That means we can't just share it with everyone.  They might
get the quest, but won't be able to complete it without a dolly in their group."
 Pehrom says, "So what you got seven dolls now?"
 Mirae says, "I didn't get one.  It dropped before I was in the party."
 I say, "I'm surprised yo u're not more surprised."
 Tako says, "I told her."
 Pahrem, largely quiet, says, "Figures. Couples don't leave no room for
surprises."
 Pehrom asks, "What are ya gonna do with em?"
 I say, "I'm saving mine for the quest.  As for everyone else... You all got the
loot fairly, so as far as I'm concerned you can keep them, sell them, give them to a
friend or whatever else you want."
 Leroy says, "I'm going to use mine too. Sorry to say, I won't be joining you
for this one. I've got a responsibility to my guild to share something this big."
 I say, "We've got a few weeks until De cember so I say we plan our party,
decide who's going and then figure out the rest."
 Sajina says, "You know... I'm not much for adventuring, but I'd really like
to have that logout button, and to be ho nest, there are no other adventurers I'd
rather go with."
 Pahrem says, "Awwwee. Listen to this guy. Start of the quest I was all like
'This guy is useless,' but now it's like he's becomin' part of the family."
 I say, "We'll keep that in mind."
 Sajina says, "I'd especially like to come with you Leroy si nce, you were the
one that helped me build this character."
 Leroy shrugs, "I'm flattered but..."  his voice becomes more mercenary,
"We might work something out. I can't us e my dolly, and take a spot away from
one of my guild mates, but if you were willing to part with yours so we could form
two groups... Having you in my party effe ctively opens four more spots for the
Malefactors."
 Pahrem says, "You do know you're a Toxic Muffin now, right?"
 Sajina says, "Sorry."
 I  s a y ,  " I  d o n ' t  h o l d  i t  a g a i n s t  h i m . They have history now." I give the
gargoyle an encouraging smile. "Besides, I have a feeling that a large percentage
of our guild won't be all that interested in the logout reward."
 Pahrem says, "I hear ya, but what  about those other rewards? Unique
evolving items with legendary potential!"
 Pehrom perks up, "Legendary?"
 Pahrem says, "You heard it."
 Pehrom says, "That's a sweet ass drop."
 I  s a y ,  " I  d u n n o .   L i k e  I  s a i d ,   w e  h a v e  a  f e w  w e e k s .  W e  c a n  f i g u r e  i t  o u t
later." I look to Leroy and say, "I'm going to turn in early tonight, are you down to
head to Dragonswood tomorrow morning?"
 Frobod says, "Oh! I almost forgot. About those humans..."
 Looking around the room I say, "Where are they?"
 Pehrom says, "They were less impre ssed with the food, and went to the
public bath."
 I say, "Durolan has a public bathhouse?"
 Lilly says, "No way! We got one in the basement. Don't cha know anything
about your castle?"
 "Er..."  I say, "I didn't realize that."
 Pehrom says, "Anyway, Alfred's do wn there helpin' em relax and get
clean."
 I look to Frobod and say, "What were you going to say about them?"
 The death knight says, "There getting kinda crazy, now that they are out of
Hades. More life is flowing back into them."
 "... and?" I say.
 Frobod says, "They don't want to ha ve to worry about vampires anymore."
 I say, "Understandable given all they'v e been through. What's that got to
do with anything?"
 Frobod says, "They want Lily to infect them."
 Pehrom's wife says, "What? They th ink I got a disease or something?"
 Frobod says, "Not you, the other Li lly. Melpomine's... Justine's... Alt."  I
take note that he made an effort to  use my real name. "She's a Freeworld
wererat."
 Lilly says, "We're puttin' a stop to that  right there. Mel, nice to meet ya, but
you're Squeaks. I ain't gonna be confused with a wererat."
 "Squeaks?" I ask.
 Lilly says, "That's your alt's new name."
 "They've got to be crazy." I say.
 Frobod says, "I told you they were  getting nutty. The whole lot of them
says they want to be changed so they'll never be vamp food again."
 Lilly says, "What does bein' a wererat have to do with not gettin' eaten by
vampires?"
 Frobod says, "Freeworld Wererat blood is toxic. It'll melt blood drinkers
from the inside out."
 I ask, "Do they realize wh at that means? They aren't  like us, able to just
switch aliases at will. They are choosing a life of anger."
 Frobod says, "I think they're already pretty angry now that they know
they're safe."
 I sigh and say, "I'll think about it. I'm not doing anything without talking
to Zarentu. Bringing him a trio of Freew orld humans is one thing, but he might
not take kindly to infesting his castle with wererats."
 Leroy stands from the table, wipes his mouth with a napkin, and extends
his hand to Pehrom. "As always, it's been an amazing meal."
 Pehrom shakes, "You got it man. Frie nd of Mel's is a friend of mine."
 Leroy says, "We'll be in touch, but right now I need to get back to the
Malefactors. I've been away too long." He looks to me and says. "You're sleeping
early, so what do you say we meet outside Dragonswood Keep at eight AM
tomorrow? Can you bring the kids?"
 I assume by 'kids' he means the NPC humans.
 "I'll be there."


Chapter 25 -  The Final Turn In

 Leroy swoops down on his phoenix, an d I lead a procession of Elechoppers
to Zarentu's gate. Surprisingly, Annette, Jason, and James require no instruction
to operate the mounts. I suppose it's either because they're NPCs, or because
they're free folk riding Freeworld items.
 Archibald bows respectfully, such a contrast from our first meeting where
we were required to present invitations. He says, "Good morning to you,
Thunderlord Melpomine. May I be the first of Dragonswood to congratulate you
on your promotion."
 "Promotion?"  I ask.
 Archibald says, "Perhaps promotion wasn't the right word, I refer simply
to your Paladin status."
 I say, "Ah. Well, thanks. No need to bow. Word travels fast huh?"
 "Like the wind." Archibald chuckles , apparently thinking himself quite
clever. "Because Sune is the god of-"
 "I get it." I say. "You're very funny."   Then motion first to Leroy, and the
three free folk riding on elechoppers. "They're with me.  These three in particular
I need to introduce to Lord Zarentu."
 "By dragon's teeth." Archibald says, "Is that Lord LeroyJensen?" He bows,
"Your reputation precedes you."
 "Well met." He says, "I'm just here  to keep Mel company. Her business is
with Zarentu, and these three humans."
 I ask, "Where's Lyle?"
 Archibald puffs up, and confides stuffily, "He's taking care of  the
necessities."
 I raise a brow.
 Leroy says, "He's taking a dump."
 They've certainly amped up the real ism since we've been gone.  I can't
remember a single time an NPC has had to relieve himself if it wasn't somehow
related to a quest.
 "Just so." Archibald confirms, "No ma tter. Master Aztram... I just saw him
somewhere  around here...."  He calls out, "Master Aztram!"
 The elderly half elf hobbles around the corner.  "There's no need to shout."
 I note his walk and say, "Are you hurt?"
 Aztram says, "No matter, I just pu lled a muscle.  What brings you to
Dragonswood Keep this early in the morning?"
 I say, "We've got some people I think Zarentu would like to meet.  This is
Annette, Jason, and James. They're from the Free World."
 "Really now?" Aztram examines them  with renewed interest, "That is
fascinating. I'm sure Lord Zarentu will be more than happy to make their
acquaintance."
 Jason asks, "Is he really a dragon?"
 Aztram, speaking as though the man in  his 20s were a child, says, "Oh yes.
Quite a few residents of Dragonswood Keep are dragons. But worry not, Lord
Zarentu is a Light Dragon and friendly to mortals."
 James asks, "Are you?"
 Aztram chuckles, "You flatter me boy, but no. I'd hardly look this old if I
were one of dragon kind. Come, and we shall find him."
* * * * *
 Zarentu, the blonde haired, yellow eyed dragon in human form, steeples is
fingers, behind his desk in his study.
 "These are free folk?" He asks. I nod my head.  He points to Annette and
makes a twirling 'come hither' motion with his wrist. "I want to look at you."
 I say, "It's okay. He won't hurt you."
 She approaches cautiously. Zarentu leans forward, and gently takes her
wrist caressing her light skin, and makes a show of sniffing. She relaxes under his
touch, having expected perhaps to be manhandled.
 He says, "They look and smell just like any humans. Are you sure, they're
from this Free World?" He  releases her.
 "They are." I say, "We found them in Hades, being held captive by a
Freeworld vampire."
 "Hades?" Zarentu says. "You have been busy, but they are not ghosts."
 "No." Annette says, a spark of rage entering her voice. "We were their
blood supply. They, meaning the fangers. They tied us over their bar and tapped
us like kegs!"
 Zarentu says, "That does sound awful ." He looks to me. "Thank you for
bringing these three to my attention." He regards Annette and then Jason and
James. "Do you agree to share what you know about the Free World while you
reside in my keep?"
 "I..." Annette says.
 Zarentu says, "I'm not forcing you."  Though part of me wonders if Zarentu
would let these three go easily if they refused.
 Annette says, "I don't see why not.  We can answer some questions if we
know the answers."
 Zarentu says, "Does she speak for all of you?"
 Jason says, "Sure."
 James says, "We're just happy to be alive. If you're a friend of Melpomine...
We'll trust you."
 "Wonderful." Zarentu says, "Then you are welcome to stay, as long as you
like. I'll have rooms prepared."
 Annette asks, "That's it?"
 Zarentu raises an amused eyebro w, "You were expecting more?"
 Annette shakes her head, "Not from you, but Melpomine."
 Zarentu corrects, "That's Thunderlord Melpomine. She's a Paladin now."
He  looks to me and says, "Congratulations on your title."
 Annette says, "I don't know what  that is, but it sounds nice."
 Zarentu says, "I see you have much to learn."
  Annette says, "We want to become Rode kin like you. We've talked about it
and before you go,  we want you to bite us. It's the only way we won't be tapped
again."
 Zarentu perks up, "Rodekin?"
 I say, "They want to become wererats . The Free World kind, not like they
are in Haven."
 Zarentu scoffs, "I assure you, there's no reason to fear vampires here.  I am
a light dragon." He then looks to me, "I remember you saying that the Free World
weres were different."
 I say, "They don't lose their minds.  They just have anger management
issues."
 Zarentu says, "And you are one of these... Rodekin?"
 I shake my head no, "I'm not... Melp omine isn't...  but I can become one. I
can transform into a human that's been infected with the curse." I look to Annette,
"Do you realize what you're asking? You're going to be angry all the time until you
learn to control it."
 Annette snaps, "I don't care! I'm alread y angry! We will not be food again."
 Zarentu says, "If they want to becom e these... Rodekin, " he tastes the
word, "...and you have the ability to make this happen.  I see no reason why you
should not.  It could make for an interesting study."
 I say, "You want were rats in your castle?"
 Zarentu says, "Well, they won't be common wererats if I am to believe you.
I think it's important to learn about Free World creatures. What better way than
to host them as my guests?"
 I say, "They can be violent... They prob ably will be until they learn to keep
their urges under control, but not mindless.  Remember this. They are not
monsters."
 Zarentu says, "I think a castle of dr agons can handle a few rodent temper
tantrums."
 Looking to Annette I ask, "Are yo u sure this is what you want?"
 James says, "Do it."
 I look to Zarentu and say, "I want your word that you won't kill them."
 He waves his hand di smissively.  "Done."
 Speaking to the humans, I say "You may not survive."
 Annette says, "Do it."
 Jason says, "We've talked it over. This is what we want."
 I pull out my VT, and use it to transf orm into my Lily alias. Streamers of
psychedelic color enwrap me as I appear once again in bell bottom pants, a tie-
dye shirt, and enormous pink heart shaped sunglasses.  I really need to reset
Lily's default gear.
 I begin to transform... A hairless tail sp routs from the seat of my jeans, and
my face elongates rat toothed, mousy muzzle.   Fur sprouts all over my body, and
my fingers are tipped with wicked were claws.
 Zarentu watches, leaning forward in his chair, smirking both enthralled
and amused.
 I meet Annette's determined eyes, with my black ones.
 I chitter, "Last chance."
 Zarentu says, "It talks! Wonderful!"
 My rage meter grows red.  "I'm still a person!"
 Annette says, "I want this."
 I'm a blur of motion that empties my rage meter.  My claws rend deep
tears across her chest.  Blood splatters. I come in with my teeth and bite.

Do you wish to infect Annette with the Nativity Pestilence? Yes / No


The End
of
Freehaven Online: Book Two
Lady Thunderlord,
Into Hades
