
 2

























 3



















© 2018 Jun Prince

All rights reserved. No portion of this book may be
reproduced in any form without permission from the
publisher, except as permitted by U.S. copyright law.
For permissions contact the author.
 4
 5

Table of Contents

Introduction............................................................................7
Chapter 1 - I'm Not Coming ................................................12
Chapter 2 - Turkeyshoot ......................................................19
Chapter 3 - Rage Babies ......................................................66
Chapter 4 - Magpie ..............................................................98
Chapter 5 - Turkeyshoot Dinner ........................................106
Chapter 6 - Moonwalk .......................................................121
Chapter 7 - Icebeard...........................................................169
Chapter 8 - Mush! ..............................................................186
Chapter 9 - Sacrifice ..........................................................223
Chapter 10 - San'ta.............................................................242
Chapter 11 - Get Your Skate On........................................260
Chapter 12 - Flux ...............................................................278
Chapter 13 - Reunion.........................................................309
Chapter 14 - Made in Taiwan ............................................326
Chapter 15 - Goh Tchu ......................................................343
Chapter 16 - Taming ..........................................................365
Chapter 17 - Questions.......................................................382
Chapter 18 - Sugar .............................................................403
Chapter 18 - Sea Sleigh......................................................416
Chapter 19 - Bad Santa ......................................................434
Chapter 20 - Rewards.........................................................456
Epilogue - Home................................................................469






 6


 7



Introduction

 Hi. I'm Justine.
 I know what you're thinking. "Are you talking to
me?" You don't have to get a ll DeNiro on me.  It's the
holidays which means it's a great time to show a little
forgiveness for me becoming aware I'm in a novel for
the next few pages.  I promise, everything will go back
to normal at the end of this section.
 You see, I understand that it's almost Christmas,
and a lot of people are gonna pick this bad boy up
because there's holiday lights on the cover, only to
think "Oh no! It's book 3 in a series!"
 I've got you covered.  Here's what you need to
know to get up to speed.  I'm, or at least I was, an
intuitive programmer with  VWI, Virtual World
Innovations, which means I created monsters and in-
 8
game objects for Freehaven Online which we're all
stuck in.
 Shortly after the last patch, the logout button
was disabled by a hacker organization called Archangel,
which means that everyone who's still online is on life
support somewhere completely unaware of what's
happening to their bodies. Since then, NPCs have
started acting a whole lot more human.
 We were warned that special quests to re-enable
the logout "Feature" (Since when has logging out been a
game feature, right?) wo uld be hidden within the
Freehaven universe, only no  one to my knowledge had
found one until last month. Then a draconic mummy
dropped a child's doll in Hades starting a quest that can
only be completed in December. Find the owner in the
North Pole.
 The reward for completing the chain: A choice
between evolving legendary items, and having the log
out button re-enabled.
 Frobod of course is ecstatic. He's our death
knight, and has been wanting to get back to his
daughter since he missed her birthday party on the
night of the update. The rest of the Toxic Muffins (I'm a
guild master by the way, and that's the name of our
guild) are give or take. More than half our members are
 9
incapacitated in real life, meaning they can't take care
of themselves. My in-game kid sister, Mirae, was a
q u a d r i p l e g i c  i n  M e a t s v i l l e   b e f o r e  s h e  d i g i t i z e d ,
sacrificing her real world life to live digitally in
Freehaven Online forever. Suffice to say, being stuck in
game permanently has made some people happier than
they've been in a very long time.
 By the way, in-game food sucks, unless it's
prepared by our chef, Pehrom whose discovered how to
make dishes taste like they do offline. For everything
else, you get a whole lot of texture, and zero flavor. I
blame the DataBite corporation, for not licensing the
technology, but Archangel seems to have worked some
of that magic in with the up date. It's a shame it's not
automatically applied to existing recipes.
 ... but none of that is what  this story is about.
 This book is about saving Santa, Great Uncle
Winter in-game, and finding out how many people's
holiday wishes of being with their families we can make
come true.

 10
On mechanics...

 Freehaven Online is a virtual world where the
computer rolls a bunch of  ten sided dice to determine
the outcome of character actions. The basic system is
that every time you try to ta ke a difficult or combative
action, the system rolls a number of dice equal to your
rating in an appropriate attribute, plus your rating in
an appropriate skill or ability.

Attributes:
Physical:
Strength, Dexterity, Stamina,
Social:
Charisma, Manipulation, Appearance
Mental:
Intelligence, Perception, Wits

The more dice that turn up over 6, the greater
your caliber of success.  If you roll a 1, the system takes
away 1 from your caliber of success.  You re-roll tens for
a chance for even greater success, and  if you roll more
1s  than your total caliber of success (thus taking your
result into the negative), it's a critical failure, and
 11
something bad happens the severity of which is
determined by how far into the negative you've rolled.

 12



Chapter 1 - I'm Not Coming

 THUNK!
 It's Thanksgiving morning and Pehrom, our bat
eared, green skinned, foul mouthed chef, brings his
cleaver down on a haunch of meat.
 He says, "I told ya, I'm not comin'!"
 His wife, Lilly, also a goblin in-game, pretty,
black haired, and pouty lipped says "This is our chance
to get back to the real worl d together." They both speak
with heavy New Jersey-Boston accents. It's like they
were raised in one place, and were transplanted to the
other ten years ago.
 " I  d o n ' t  w a n t  t o  g o  b a c k ! "  P e h r o m  r o a r s .  " I ' m
happy here. You don't see that? Look at me. I'm cookin'.
I ain't cooked in years back home. This is home to me."
13
"So, what?" Lilly says, "You just gonna give up
on our lives together?"
"Look, honey." Pehrom says, "When the devs fix
the button I'll log out like ev eryone else, but this? The
quest. It's special. They go tta use it on someone who's
got somethin' to go back to."
"So, what? I ain't nothin' to go back to?"
"You are, you are! Babe, you're here with me
now. Give it to someone who ain't seen their ma for two
months."
Tako, our boyish half-elf rogue with a stylishly
messy black k-pop style hair do, dips out of the walk in-
freezer, a closet permanently frozen with ice magic,
sucking on an apple juice popsicle.
Pehrom motions, "Like this guy over here. Bet
his fuckin' parents er' worried  sick. We ain't got kids.
Give it to someone with folks back home who are
worryin'."
"What about my family? Huh? You think ma
ain't worried?"
Pehrom says, "I thought you took care of shit
before you went in."
Lilly shrieks, "I made sure someone would find
me!" Then in a calmer voice says, "I couldn't tell ma
what I was gonna do. She'd have called the hospital on
 14
me, sayin' I was gonna commit suicide. I'm in here
cause of you."
 "So you regrettin' on me ? I didn't make you do
it."
 Lilly says, "I ain't regrettin' nothing. I'd do it
every day of my life to be with you, but Rob," That's
Pehrom's real world name, "I miss my family... and my
friends. Not everyone plays this game."
 "I'm your fuckin' family!"
 Lilly says, "Hey, man. Chill the fuck out. I ain't
sayin' you aren't, but I got other family. We got a way.
Why can't I have you and them too?"
 "Then you do the fuckin' quest then."
 I wanna do it together."
 Pehrom says, "I'm not coming!" I clear my throat
uncomfortably, Pehrom looks up catching the look on
my face, I'm pretty sure he hadn't seen me lurking.  He
says, "How you doin'?" and gives me an upward nod.
 I say, "Great, but..." I look to Lilly, "That might
work."
 "What?" Lilly says.
 "You doing the quest on your own, or rather
without Pehrom."
 Lilly says, "What's the point if I can't take this
guy back with me?"
 15
 "You can come back and see him."
 At this, Tako perks up giving me his full
attention, "You think? What if we get stuck again?"
 Lilly says, "Yeah. What if we get stuck?"
 "The quest reward says that the logout feature
will be re-enabled. It doesn't say anything about it
being a one time thing." I look to Lily, "If it's to be
believed, you could log out, see your family, and come
back here to spend time with your man before logging
out again."
 Tako says, "... and I can see Mirae."
 Lilly says, "You got this on inside information?"
 I shake my head no, "VWI didn't break the
logout button. This reward... It 's all Archangel. I'm not
saying I like them but..." I trail. "Everything they've
said so far has been true. It sucks that we're all stuck in
here, but so far as I can tell they haven't lied."
 Lilly huffs, "Hell of a risk."
 I say, "What's the worse case scenario? Worst
case. You log out. Have di nner with your family. Let
them know you're alright. Come back here. and you
can't log out again. Sounds like you'll be exactly where
you started plus a holiday spent with the rest of your
family, but I don't think that's gonna happen."
 Lilly grumbles. "I'll think on it."
 16
 Pehrom says, "Finally, someone around here's
talkin' sense!"
 I shrug.  "I do what I can."
 T a k o  s a y s ,  " W h o  d o  y o u  w a n t  t o  b r i n g  o n  t h e
quest with us?"
 "Frobod's a given. The man's been single minded
ever since..."  I think, "Since... Hell he's talked about
nothing else since the hidden quest announcement."
 T a k o  s a y s ,  " I ' m  g o o d  w i t h  h i m .  W h a t  a b o u t
Sajina?"
 "I think he's going with Leroy and the
Malefactors."
 Lilly says, "Traitor."
 I wave my hand dismissi vely, "It's fine. He and
Leroy bonded. It's not like everyone in our guild is
itching to go home.... At least not compared to most
guilds."
 Lilly says, "Yeah well... Legendary loot. Some of
the Muffins aren't getting it because..."
 "It's fine." I reiterate, then to Tako, "If you want
to come there's a spot waiting for you. You could make
your own party since you've got a dolly, but if you want
to go with me you're welcome."
 Tako asks, "Will you bring Scooti?"
 "I don't think so."
 17
 "Fine..." He says, "I'll still go, but... You think
Mirae can come too? She won't be taking the logout but
she really wants the chance at a legendary item. She's
just too nice to say it."
 " O f  c o u r s e .  I t ' s  l i k e  L i l l y  s a i d ,  s o m e  o f  t h e
muffins are gonna want loot. You, me, Frobod, Mirae...
that leaves one person." I look to Lilly, "Do you want
the last spot or..." I trail "I 'm sure Pahrem will come if
you're not into it."
 Lilly says, "Let me thin k on it. If this guild's
running multiple groups, we should save our healers.
How many teams can we form?"
 "Six dollies." I say, "Two went to the Malefactors,
that means that the Muffins have control of four of
them."
 "Four groups of five." Lilly says, "That means the
others are gonna be light on heals, so she should go
with another party."
 Can't argue with that logic. "So are you in?"
 "Let me think on it. I'll let you know tonight."
 I look to Pehrom who's sticking a roast in the
oven, "What time's dinner?"
 "We always did Thanksgiving early back home.
I'm gonna say four o'clock."
 18
 I look to Tako, "Gives us time for Turkeyshoot,
you want to go?"
 He nods.  "Laurelade's already down there."
 "She would be..." I say, thinking of the little
gnome's destructive spells. "I'll bet she rakes in all
kinds of seasonal rewards." I look to Pehrom, "Four
o'clock then."
 The chef says, "If you see Pahrem, or either of
my no-good apprentices tell them to get their asses in
here and help me make dessert. These pies aren't gonna
bake themselves. This is major income for the guild,
fuckers are sellin' for five gold a piece."
 "It's still morning."  I say.
 "Fuck mornings." the goblin says, "If they're
asleep they need to get their asses out of bed."



 19



Chapter 2 - Turkeyshoot

 Tako and I are half way across the drawbridge
when quick footsteps scuttle behind us.
 " H e y  g u y s ! "  T h a t ' s  P ahrem, Pehrom's in-game
sister. Like most goblins she speaks with that Boston-
Jersey accent, a player has to manually change the
voice filter if they want to sound different.
 I look over my shoulder, and discover our priest
f u l l y  g e a r e d  i n  h e r  M a n t l e  o f  t h e  U n d y i n g
Chronomancer, and Low Hades Garb of the Healer;
both items she obtained on our recent trip to the
underworld. The shoulder armor looks like a pair of
golden dragon skulls with antelope antlers  protecting
her shoulders, whereas the garb of the healer looks like
a knitted real world cardigan with a fantasy cloak style
hood. When and if she chooses  to raise it, as she is
 20
doing now,  her big ears st ick out to either side, and
her face is replaced with a ball of hot white energy with
little black dots for eyes.
 "You look like you're ready for battle."
 "Hell yeah I am!"  She lo wers her hood so we can
see her normal face. "A little bird named Alfred said
you're going to Turkeyshoot, and I wanna come."
 "More the merrier." I invite her to our party.

Pahrem has joined your group.

 I give her a smile. "Still trying to get your turkey
costume?" There are a number of quirky seasonal items
you can only get by completing holiday events.
 "That, and I've got a title to score! Just gotta ace
one more challenge."
 Tako says, "If we pick up another, we can try to
five man it, otherwise we'll be doing solos and threes."
 I catch the questioning l ook on the goblin's face.
"Laurelade's already down there. Let's go have a look." I
wave my middle finger in the air and shout,
"INFERNO!!!" pump my fist, and then say "Let's ride."
 Magical, elemental powered motorcycles burst
into existence in pulses of red, yellow, blue, green and
grey, corresponding to their elements. Tako straddles
 21
the wind bike, and Pahrem takes the blue one as I
mime pressing a button on a key chain while saying,
"Bloop bloop! ... Bloop bloop!" to dismiss the extra
mounts.
 Pahrem says, "I already di d fives last year. I need
the three person challenge."
 I'm sitting on Big Red, the fire elechopper, as I
lift off the ground like a Harry Potter wizard. The
November air is brisk but not uncomfortable. It rarely
is in Freehaven, but the weather shifts enough to give
players the feeling of changi ng seasons, but it's never
extreme unless there's a world event connected to it.
 We're heading to a farm near Durolan. There's
one nestled outside just about every major city for these
types of events.
 Using party chat so I don' t have to shout over the
wind, I ask, "Do they do this in Canada?"
 Tako says, "I don't know, why? I've never been to
Canada."
 I say, "When I lived in Korea they didn't have
Turkeyshoot, but they had other events that mirrored
Korean holidays. I was wondering if this is for all of
North America, or only the USA since Thanksgiving in
November is a US holiday."
 22
 Pahrem says, "They do n't have Thanksgiving
in Canada?"
 "They do, but I think it's in October."
 Tako says, "October must be a busy month for
them between Thanksgiving and Halloween."
 "I'll bet they overlap a bit." Even if real world
holidays last only a day, the holidays in Freehaven tend
to last one or two weeks to ensure everyone has a
chance to enjoy them. "There it is."
 I point to a fenced in area below featuring a few
dozen adventurers and flashes of multicolored magic
that explode within the enclosure. Settling to the
ground on the spectator side of the fence, adventurers
and Havenfolk erupt in cheers of  excited "Yay!" and
disappointed "Ohh.." I wouldn't  be surprised to find a
NPC bookie among them, though as a general rule only
adventurers participate in the contests unless no
players have queued.
 I spot Laurelade, a little gnome with purple hair,
wizard robes, and a hood on her back that glows like
bioluminescence. I greet her with a cheerful, "Hey!"
 She responds in her typical bored voice, "Took
you long enough." I'm beginning to think there's no
such thing as a cheerful Laurelade.
 "How're you doing so far."
 23
 "Turkeycide." She says, with a sigh. "I swear,
I'm that close to Turkey geddon." She measures
between her thumb and pointer.
 "Is that solo or..."
 "I haven't had a team for the other contests."
 Pahrem says, "We're here."
 "Turkeycide is respectable."
 "Yeah, but I want to beat it this year." Laurelade
looks to the goblin and says, "Are you on heals?"
 "I got your heals and a crap ton of g'nades!"
 "I like her."  Then eyes Tako, "What do you have
for AoE?"
 Tako, having been caught flat footed says, "I...
ah...errrr."
 "Fat wad of nothing then." Laurelade points to
me, herself and Pahrem in succession, "We can do
threes then. You tank them, I'll burn em down with
AoE, goblin can heal and add to area of effect damage."
 I  l o o k  t o  T a k o  a n d  s a y ,  " S o r r y . . . "  i n  a  s h e e p i s h
voice, knowing that she has a point. I wouldn't have put
it so bluntly, but AoE damage  is way more effective for
this event. "We can group up later."
 Tako says, "Oh I see how it is. You're racist
against half elves."
 24
 I clear my throat and ru b the tip of my right,
half-elven ear.
 "Go, have fun. I'm just fucking with ya. I'll wait
for Mirae and we can have our own party."
 "Good," Laurelade abruptly turns, and walks
away from the rest of us.  She approaches a man,
another gnome, with a far cheerier disposition. He's
wearing a straw hat, brown suspenders, and rugged
hide leggings. Laurelade motions to me and Pahrem as
we trail after her. "Group of three. This time."
 Speaking in a whimsical voice, farmer gnome
says, "Do you have the tickets?"
 Laurelade forks over three sturdy pieces of burnt
orange paper. "You can pay me back later."
 To participate in holiday competitions, you have
to buy tickets from the festival vendor, much the same
as you might have to buy tickets for rides at a
Meatsville carnival. I reach into inventory and pull out
a red one from a past year's Christmas event. "I have
some now." Although the color changes based on when
you buy them, you can use festivity tickets on any
holiday.
 A booming voice sounds, "Next up, a team of
three. Lord Laurelade, Lord Melpomine, and Lord
Pahrem of Durolan's Toxic Muffins!"
 25
 "That was fast."
 Laurelade says, "Durolan's good for that.
Outside Athelon you'll have to wait ten or twenty
minutes when it's busy."
 "C'mon!" Pahrem tugs at my pant leg leading me
toward the enclosure.
 Laurelade says, "Buff up."
 I take the cue and wipe my hands together, a
macro I set to cast the Enhanced Dexterity and
Enhance Vitality abilities.  A whistling wind sounds
a r o u n d  m e  f o l l o w e d  b y  t h e  T H U M P - B U M P  T H U M P -
BUMP of a human heartbeat.

Enhanced Dexterity.
Dexterity increased by 10%.
Duration: 60 minutes remaining.

Enhanced Vitality.
Regeneration Increased by 10%.
Duration: 60 minutes remaining.

 I cast Flow Like Water in a smooth  martial arts
kata where I twirl my staff around me in an evasive
stance.

 26
Flow Like Water (Rank 2)
Cost:   2000 Manna
Effect:
Your body takes on the fluid qualities of water causing
it to flow out of the path of incoming attacks. Lasts 30
minutes, or until the loss of 10 levels of health have
been negated. Negates physical damage only.

 The brisk forces of Yin en ergy seep into my flesh
like cool water. An additional buff appears in the top
left hand corner of my vision.

Flow Like Water (10)
Duration: 30 minutes remaining.

 A red-orange and yellow utility crate that's taller
than I am awaits us in the ar ena.  It glows with orange
light and quivers with fettered jack in the box energy.
Taking our places before the box, the announcer calls,
"Ready?" Though I still haven't spotted him.
 Laurelade says, "Ready."
 A countdown superimposes itself on my vision.


 27
 3...
 2...
 1...

  Instead of the usual duel text that says "Begin!"
the numbers are punctuated by a thunderous gobble.
The cube shakes and rattles against the dirt.  Suddenly
a black streak shoots in the sky from it's top like an
Independence Day firework. There's another, and
another. The blasts hit the ground in a display of flying
feathers.  Laurelade launches a fireball at one.

CRITICAL HIT!
Laurelade casts Cinderburst.
Laurelade hits Turkeyshoot Turkey for 14 damage.

 It explodes in a show er of dark feathers. A
streamer of black smoke twirls in the air, before the
avian corpse vanishes leaving scorch marks in the dirt.
Pahrem's hands glow as she casts smite on one of the
two remaining birds, with much the same result.
 I see the third one, and ready to throw my
Darksteel Chakram.  It suddenly reaches behind it's
back with wings that act like human arms, places a
rubber duck bill on its beak and says "Quack Quack!"
 28
My chakram streaks toward it and separates the
bird's head from it's body.  The head makes a final,
"Quaaaaaaack"  before it hits the ground, and dissipates
in the way of defeated game monsters.

Round One Complete - Turkey Shoot.
Round Two in 3...
2...
1...

 The crate hops and wobbles, an explosion of
seven turkey rockets soar in a high arc from the top of
the cube in streamers of autumn colored magic.  The
new birds are just barely getti ng to their feet when the
scent of ozone fills the air.  Clouds gather overhead.
KA-CRACK! KA-BLAM BLAM BOOOM! Spears of
lightning strike the new bird s dead where they stand.
Their smoking bodies remind me of incense before they
despawn.

Round Two Complete - Gobble Gobble  Uggghhh
Round Three in 3....
2...
1....

 29
 The crate jitters and jumps. Orange and
brown missiles of bird blast from its roof sending avian
opponents high overhead. Each time there are more.
Last time seven, this time at least sixteen fall to the
earth around us. The bird nearest me gobbles, then
unleashes a dinosaur belch sending a gout of flame at
my body.  I'm just out of reach . Fire breathing turkeys.
Who comes up with this?
 Laurelade's fast on casting, as shards of ice fall
from above like panes of glass... CRASH!! SHATTER!
CRASH!!! Magical frozen gui llotines create a massacre
of Thanksgiving death. Bits of ice tumble in the dirt.
 One turkey hobbles, twitching a broken wing,
my darksteel chakram beheads it.

Round Three Complete - Gobble Gobble BOOM,
Gobble BOOM BOOM
Round Four in 3...

 I'd forgotten about the prospect of elemental
damage during Turkeyshoot, so before the next round
begins,  I close my eyes, bow my head, and enable one
of the special abilities Leroy taught me before entering
Hades.

 30
Shield of Harmony, Aura of Emptiness (Rank One)
Cost: N/A
Target:  Self Only
Duration: 1 Hour
Requirements:
Martial Arts: 5, Stamina: 12, Endurance: 7
 Your soul has evolved to a perfect stat e of harmony
with the universe, which allows you to shrug off the
effects of magical and el emental attacks that would
leave lesser warriors crippled. You are surrounded by a
shield of emptiness that protects your harmony and
prevents hostile forces from breaking through.

Effect:
While Aura of Emptiness is active, incoming magical
and elemental damage has a 7% chance to be nullified
before rolling to resist damage.

 There's no manna cost since it's a special ability
rather than a spell, activating it is a near instant effect.

2...
1...


 31
 "I'll nuke again this time, next wave tank
round em up, goblin heal and use bombs."
 Pahrem laughs and shouts, "They're g'nades!"
 Laurelade says, "Whatever."
   There are so many magi c turkey projectiles that I
can't begin to count.    Laur elade's waving her hands in
a furious blur as pale, cold energy springs up around
h e r .  A s  s o o n  a s  o u r  o p p o n e n t s  t o u c h  d o w n ,  s h e
unleashes her magic causing their feathers to frost over,
and blocks of ice to harden over their feet. They gobble
in defiance. A nearby bird rears it's head back, and
coughs a cloud of acid.

Turkeyshoot Slimecougher hits you for 8 points of
damage.
You resist 8 points of damage.

 " U g h ! "   I  s a y ,  a s  i t  s p l a s h e s  o v e r  m y  c h e s t .   I t
sizzles. itches and tingles on my skin. I hurl my
chakram and am surprised to see that it doesn't kill the
bird in one hit.
 Laurelade says, "Incoming!" as she rains more
ice down on the animals. Many gobble and die where
they stand unable to move after her first spell.
 32
 The ice around their feet  shatters, they charge
directly at her. I rush to intercept, but Laurelade beats
me to it, waving her arms, calling fiery hunks of rock
down on our opponents. They all die, leaving nothing
but large burned craters in the earth.

Round Four Complete - Fried Turkey? I'll bathe you
in your children.
Round Five in 3...
2...
1...

 The box shakes more violently than before, now
hopping a good two feet in the air before launching
Thanksgiving fireworks. Some big, some small. One of
the big ones touches down a few feet away from me. It's
a turkey mount as tall as I am, ridden by a smaller
turkey with a great steel lance, and an armored helm.
 "Gobble gobble gobble!" It lowers the steel tip
and charges.
 I dodge out of the way, a little counter in the top
right hand corner of my vision moves up to one. Each
dodge adds a charge, and after a few more dodges, my
boots will begin sending blasts of electricity into
opponents that attack me.
 33
 As the turkey knight passes, I tag the mount's
rear flank with Bite, my electrified staff, an arc of
electricity jumps from it's tip into the mount, then the
rider, and all the smaller tur keys within a five foot
radius, taunting them in the process.
 "Stack on me!" I begin casting my new Paladin
spell, "Lord Sune, God of Lightning, God of Travel,
hear my call and consecrate this land."
 34

Circle of Blessings (Rank Two)
Cost: 700 mana
Target:  N/A
Duration: 10 Minutes
Requirements:
Clergy Member
You bless the ground beneath your  feet in your deity's
name. Hostile characters  feel uncomfortable and
receive holy, or unholy damage depending on your
deity. Elemental damage may also be applied if your
god or goddess is associated with a particular element.

Effect:
While Circle of Blessings is active, hostile characters
within a ten foot radius must  resist two points of holy
damage every 8 seconds

Clergy of Sune Modifier:
Holy damage has a 30% chance to convert to lightning
damage.

 Pahrem lobs a g'nade that explodes against the
beak of another turkey mount, and splashes caustic
 35
lemon yellow goop over the birds around it.  Turkeys
scream and the goblin runs at me. Laurelade's chugging
manna potions as she scuttles to my side.
 Weeds of white and electric blue energy sprout
from the ground around me. They reach toward our
opponents like magic fingers sizzling and zapping them
where they stand.
 Most small turkeys die a fter only two ticks of the
area effect blessing. The rest go down as I smash one of
the three turkey mounts with Bite causing electricity to
jump from my weapon, into my primary target, and
then to all the lesser birds in the area. Pahrem chucks
another g'nade at the turkey knight I just hit.  It
explodes in a puff of yellow fire.
 Two big birds remaining. Laurelade's still
drinking. I take the offens ive and charge the closest
turkey mount on foot. Rather than initiating an attack,
I leap high into the air, using the mount's body as a
spring board, knocking the smaller turkey rider to the
ground, and landing behind it .  I t ' s  o n l y  t h e n  t h a t  I
smash Bite in a  wide violent sweep against the mount's
leg, pivot and crash the armored rider in the face.
 The rider dies and disappears.
 36
 The other turkey mount is going for Pahrem. I
shout, "Hey!" and crunch the end of my staff into the
earth.

Taunt. Successful.
Turkeyshoot Knight attacks.

 Before it has a chance to injure Pahrem, it
changes course and barrels toward me, lance leveled
and ready to impale. I'm a bull fighter dancing out of
the way.  My dodge counter rises by one.
 Pahrem  unleashes another smite at my attacker,
a jolt of hot holy energy stabs into the turkey mount
from heaven. The other giant turkey comes in for a
frantic peck with it's face looking like a shriveled brain,
it connects, but passes through me as my flesh reshapes
around the blow. Two points drop off of my Flow Like
Water defense.  I crack the one that tried to peck me in
the side of the head and it falls to the ground,
despawning.
 One turkey knight to go. After the last
unsuccessful attack, it loops around the arena to build
up speed for another charge. Here it comes. Pahrem
smites. The rider flies off its back, and disappears into
 37
the digital place of NPC death like a ghost. There's
just the mount to deal with, I hurl my chakram.

Round Five Complete:  No pardon!
Round Six  in 3...
2...
1...

 The next few rounds pass in much the same
manner, each introducing more difficult turkey themed
opponents for us to conquer, but it's not until wave
nine that I feel that we might actually lose.
 I'm surrounded by five angry birds  a good head
taller than I am, and three times as wide.  My Flow Like
Water defense has long since eroded which means I'm
open to losing real health from physical attacks. The
one to my right gobbles then coughs up a fountain of
caustic green liquid.

Turkeyshoot Slimecougher (Elite) hits you for 14
damage.
You resist 13 points of damage.

 "Laurelade! Freeze!" I'm hoping she has a spell
ready that'll allow me time to put up some new
 38
defenses. No vocal response from the gnome, but the
air grows colder. A crack like breaking ice sounds as my
opponents are locked in place, encased in vertical
frozen coffins. A countdown timer above their heads
tells me that I only have four seconds until they break
free.
  With the birds frozen I move through the
casting of another Martial Arts spell. Unlike the fluid
motions of Flow Like Water, these movements are rigid
and harsh, much like the element they embody.
 39


Move Like Ice (Rank Three)
Cost: 500 Manna
Dexterity + Martial Arts
Duration: 20 seconds

By channeling the cold forces of Yin energy, and
directing them at your opponent you may cause them
to slow, or even freeze them in their tracks.

Effect:
Target movement speed decreased by 50%. 20%
chance to freeze them in place. 10% chance to impose
-4 dexterity penalty.

 Targeting the fire breathing turkey on my right, I
feel a wave of ice push through me and into the
monster. Next to the frozen debuff above it's head, a
new status indicator appears telling me that it can't
move for twenty seconds.  I've gotta move because
unlike Laurelade's four second spell, Move Like Ice still
allows opponents to attack while they are locked in
place.
 40
  I make a flying acrobatic leap that I couldn't
dream of in the real world. I somersault mid air, and
l a n d  b e h i n d  m y  f r o z e n  o p p o n e n t s .  T h e  g n o m e ' s  s p e l l
expires, causing the frozen prisons to crumble around
the birds. I spin my staff and smack the acid spitting
turkey in the butt. Electricity hops from Bite into my
target and then creeps over the other birds like an
electric spider, taunting each along the way.
 I yell, "Kiting!" and bolt the opposite direction.
All but the fire breather th at can't move for twenty
seconds turn to follow.
 At the exact same time, three turkeys fill their
enormous lungs, and spew their breath weapons at me.

 41
Turkeyshoot Slimecougher (Elite) hits you for 14
damage.
You resist 14 points of damage.

Turkeyshoot Darkspitter (Elite) hits you for 16
points of damage.
You resist 12 points of damage.

Turkeyshoot Frostbreather (E lite)  hits you for 13
points of damage.
Damage negated by Shield of Harmony, Aura of
Emptiness (Rank One).

 "Ugh!"
 The dark damage stings, I'm now down to near
fifty percent health. A bubble of golden magic
surrounds me, as Pahrem he als my wounds. My health
rises as I run around the back of the giant cube with
four turkeys in tow.
 Laurelade holds her hands in front of her body
pressing her thumbs and pointers together so they
make a shape like a spade, and shouts, "Solaris
incendiuus!"
 A bar of hot white fire erupts from the space
between her thumbs and index fingers incinerating the
 42
Darkspitter and Slimecougher. They gobble, smoke,
die, and disappear.
 My health's back up to full. Three birds
remaining, a fire breather, an ice spitter, and a turkey
with a chrome head that has no breath weapon. Pahrem
casts another Smite which drops the frost turkey down
to 30% health.
 "Heading back to fire! AoE once I connect!"
 Coming back around the cube the fire turkey I
hit with Move Like Ice follo ws my body with its little
black eyes. It exhales a cone of fervent hot flame,
though I'm way out of range, but the heat nevertheless
touches my face.  As soon as the blaze fades I rush the
bird with Bite at my side . Angry squawks and gobbles,
and turkey feet in the dirt sound behind me as I move
to engage. They're still following.
 Move Like Ice fades. The brown and red fire
breather dashes at me. Bite slams into the side of its
head in a disgusting wet CRACK! No electricity bounds
behind me, so the birds in pursuit must still be more
than five feet away.  The one I just hit flaps it's wings
stirring the air and rises a few feet off the ground. A
blanket conflagration rolls over me, causing my skin to
grow pink and sensitive like an ugly sunburn.
 43
Turkeyshoot Gobbleflame (Elite)  hits you for 12
points of damage.
You resist 12 points of damage.

 The sensation disappears within a second. I spin
Bite, and thrust the staff into the turkey's core mass.
This time I'm rewarded with an arc of electricity that
leaps back over my head, and into the chrome and ice
enemies.
 WHAM!

Knockback!
Turkeyshoot Battle Rammer (E lite) hits you for 16
points of damage.
You resist 13 points of damage.

 It's the first time I've been hit by the metal bird.
A solid thump to my back, knocks the breath out of me.
Suddenly I'm flying, waving  my arms wildly with
nothing to hold on to. There's no ground beneath my
feet. It's a full two seconds before I reconnect with the
earth.

 44
Tumble
Dexterity + Athletics
Caliber of Success:  7

 I break the fall with the palms of my hands
which turns into a roll that brings me back to my feet.
I'm a good fifteen feet away  from our enemies, and I'm
lucky to have landed that last blow, because the ice and
chrome birds were just  ta unted by my staff's passive
ability. Now their giving chas e. I'm a little worried that
Laurelade will get agro if she attacks, so I turn back to
the group, spin Bite, and smash it into the dirt to taunt
the fire breather.

Taunt. Successful.
Turkeyshoot Gobbleflame (Elite) attacks.

 All three birds are coming at me.  I should,
"Now!"
 Laurelade waves her arms, speaking words that I
can't make out from this distance, calling down another
ice storm on our opponents, slowing their movement. I
launch my darksteel chakram at metal head since it has
the most health. It whizzes th rough the air like a flying
saucer, and buries itself into the Battle Rammer's
 45
breast. If we're lucky, Laurelade will pull off a few
more AoEs and kill them all at once. Seconds later, the
chakram reforms around my wrist.
 Metal Head:   60%
 Ice Blaster:   20%
 Fire Breather: 40%
   "Burn em' down!" I hurl my chakram again at
the metal headed turkey.  The sky above us turns red,
and meteors fall upon the group as Laurelade casts a
fire spell.
 SKA-SQUAK!
 The ice turkey falls making a vocalization that
sounds more like a chicken than Thanksgiving dinner.
Sparks fly as my chakram connects with the chrome
bird's forehead.  It leaves an ugly dent, but doesn't
quite kill it.
 Metal: 20%
 Fire: 10%
 P a h r e m ' s  h a n d s  g l o w  w i t h  w h i t e - g o l d  l i g h t .  A
bolt of holy energy pierces the last turkey from
overhead, brightening the arena for a split second. The
heavenly fire peeks out the fire bird's eyes and beak like
a plasma jack-o-lantern as it takes its last breath.
 I call, "Good job Pahrem!" but she doesn't
respond. Laurelade hits the one remaining turkey with
 46
a Cinderburst, that sends fl urries of ash that that
pulse like red fireflies into the air.

Round Nine Complete:  Turkeycide!

 Pahrem and Laurelade both chug flasks of
manna restoring water.  They aren't as fast as a manna
potion, but they get the job done if you have a few
seconds to spare.

Round Ten  in 3...
2...
1...

  Laurelade pinches her fo rehead like she's got a
brain freeze. "Last stage."
 Pahrem echoes, "TURKEYGEDDON!"
 The big crate at the center of the enclosure
jumps high, no more wobbles, this time it goes well
over our heads. It lands with a resonating BOOM that
shakes the ground like a t-re x footstep.  Sparks shower
from above, and countless turkey rockets fall from
above.
 "Lord Sune, God of Lightning, God of Travel,
hear my call and consecrate this land."
 47

Cast Circle of Blessings (Rank Two). Success!

 The ground beneath me takes on a blue tint, and
streamers of holy white energy  reach up to the sky like
lambent tendrils of sea weed. They occasionally crackle
with Sune's lightning power, and the air smells fresher.
 "I'll round em' up while you drink.  Stay in the
circle unless there's AoE."
 As expected the smallest of the fireworks touch
the ground, and begin to reshape into real-world-sized
turkeys. They flap their wing s and move their tiny legs
to engage. As soon as they take damage from the Circle
of Blessings all turkey attentio n is on me. I move to the
edge of the circle, so our attackers are no longer facing
Pahrem and Laurelade who are seated close to the
center.
 There's so many of them.  Turkey turkey turkey
turkey turkey.  Brown ones, black ones, white, and
some with patches of color in  between.  All of them life
size, with their shriveled raisin heads and little coal
eyes.
 They flap their wings, rise off the ground and
peck me with sharp beaks.  I counterattack, hitting a
brown one in the breast, and electricity jumps from my
 48
staff to the swarm around me. I'm getting pummeled
by beaks, talons and feat hers, but my stamina and
endurance are high enough that I'm not taking much
damage, so I absorb the hits, and occasionally strike to
keep them busy while the casters top up on manna.
 It's a slow AoE bleed as the flock takes
occasional damage from the radius effect of my weapon,
paired with the Circle of Blessings ground effect. I
could carry on like this for hours. Most of the birds are
at ten to thirty percent health when I dip out of the way
of a white turkey, and smooch  it with the end of my
staff. It dies in pain, and I hear the death cries of other
birds as lightning jumps from my staff to it's neighbors
and the Circle of Blessings damage devours their health.
 BOOM.
 The ground shakes.
 BOOM.
 It's a terrible drum that resonates through the
earth.
 One flare.. two flares... three four five large flares
launch from the top of the turkey spewing crate. When
they hit the ground they take the form of  colossal eggs
the size of stallions —Black, Red, Blue, White, and
Green.
 Boom. Boom. Boom.
 49
 The crate shakes, splinters and cracks.
 A bone shaking, "GOOOORRRROOAAARBBLE"
sounds as the turkey box disintegrates in an explosion
of dark feathers. A giant turkey foot appears out of
nowhere and crushes the ground before me sending
most of the remaining smaller turkeys to their deaths.
It knocks me to my butt as it takes another step.
Looking up from my vantage point, I see Turkakodzilla,
a massive multi-energy breathing bird the size of my
apartment building.
 I stumble to my feet, hit one of its toes with Bite
to grab it's attention, and run away.   Hoping it'll follow.
 Pahrem's hands are glowing as she readies a
smite, but to my surprise it  hits the black egg rather
than the boss, as soon as it hits,  Turkakodzilla turns to
face her.
 Laurelade casts Cinderburst on the same egg.
The boss whirls and takes a step toward her. "Taunt!
Keep taunting!"
 I whistle, loud to draw the giant bird's attention.

Taunt. Successful.
Turkakodzilla attacks.

 50
 Pahrem shouts, "We gotta break the eggs fast.
Every time someone hits one, it taunts the boss."
 It doesn't take a genius to guess what happens if
we don't break the eggs in  time—ugly, ugly bird
monsters. I take my Darksteel Chakram in hand.
"Pahrem on 1 smite, Laurelad e on 2... Do what you do.
I'll hit something, and then start the count over."
 Pahrem switches to party chat. "Huh?"
 I use party chat to give orders, "One!  Smite!
Now!" I don't want her to use g'nades because of the
delay before they go off.  The goblin hesitates, and I
shout, "Smite!"
 I run as far as I can from the goblin and gnome,
with the giant turkey thunder stomping behind me.
Pahrem's hands glow, and send a bolt of holy energy,
into the dark egg.  Turkzilla stops, and turns to run
after her.
 "Two! Laurelade, go!"
 The gnome's faster on the uptake, and calls
down a blizzard that damages all five eggs at once.
Turkakodzilla changes course and runs at her,
breathing deep an unleashing  a blast of fire in her
direction. I expect her health to evaporate, but she
disappears  just in time, and reappears ten feet to her
 51
right in a flash of yellow and blue. A teleport? I didn't
know she could do that.
 I hurl my chakram at the black egg.

CRITICAL HIT.
You hit Turkakodzilla Egg for 13 points of damage.

 A great hole appears in its side, and yellow yolk
gushes onto the ground.
 "One down, spread out!"
 Turkakodzilla's chasing me again, in my ranged
position.  After a good four or five booming steps I
shout, "ONE!  Pahrem! Go!"
 I can't see what she's doing because the boss's
massive body is in the way, but I know she hit, because
it turns, and nearly knocks me to the ground again with
it's tail feathers.  "TWO! Laurel! Go!"
 The sky grows red, and another fiery AOE
crashes into the eggs, collectively reducing their health.
As soon as I can see around Turkakodzilla's body, I
throw the Chakram again. It connects with the blue egg,
but unfortunately, it doesn't break.
 The boss gobble-roars,
"GROOOOOARRBBBBLLLE-ABBBLE-ABBLLE!"  and
charges at me. It lowers it's  head like a battering ram.
 52
Fuck!  I f  t h e  h o r s e  s i z e  m e t a l  h e a d  t u r k e y  s e n t  m e
flying, I don't even want to think how far I'll go if this
thing connects.

Shadow Step (Rank 5) - Success!

 In the nick of time, I charge into the turkey's
shadow, and reappear directly behind it, bypassing the
headbutt entirely.
 "ONE! Go!"
 Pahrem smites.  The boss whirls and tramples
me in it's best effort to get to our healer.  Not only am I
in the dirt, but a hard kick from a larger than
elechopper sized turkey foot knocks the wind out of me,
and I lose twenty percent of my health.
 Before I can say two, the sky darkens, and
Laurelade's calling down a lightning spell. The blue egg
explodes when it's zapped sending a yolk everywhere.
Three more.
 Pahrem's knobby hand's glow . Don't attack!
What is she doing? My health begins to rise. Right,
idiot, she's our healer.  Turkakodzilla takes a deep
breath, and breathes cold all over the gnome. Her
torso's locked in a block of ice, immobilizing her, and
she's down a whopping sixty percent of her health.
 53
 My chakram's reformed in my hand, but from
the ground I'm not able to get a good throw to taunt by
damaging an egg. Instead  I whistle again, and shout,
"Winner, winner, turkey dinner!"

Taunt. Successful.
Turkakodzilla attacks.

 I scramble to my feet as the gigantic creature
turns, and rushes at me.
 Using party chat, Laurelade says, "Gotta move
faster, or they'll hatch!"
 "ONE! Go!" Pahrem smites, as soon as
Turkakodzilla turns, I shout, "TWO! Go!"
 Laurelade calls down an other ice storm. I hurl
my chakram, and break the red egg. Turkakodzilla
heaves a deep breath, I brace for impact, suddenly I'm
covered in acid, and all I see is bile scented green.

Turkakodzilla hits you for 16 points of damage.
Damage negated by Shield of Harmony, Aura of
Emptiness (Rank One).

 Yeah!  I'd forgotten about that ability. While it's
s t i l l  g r o s s ,  a n d  i t c h e s  u n d e r  m y  a r m o r ,  I  t a k e  n o
 54
damage. I whack the boss's shin with Bite, ( Do
turkeys even have shins?)  a s  I  r u n  b e t w e e n  i t ' s  l e g s .
Confusing the monster for a moment as it turns in
place, looking for me. I'm closing with the eggs, staff in
hand and ready to smash.
 "ONE! TWO! ONE! TWO! GO GO GO!"
 CRUNCH!
 The white shell fragments and collapses when I
connect. I'm fast on my feet and dance away just in
time to avoid stepping, and slipping in the yolk. The
last two eggs are shaking like they're about to hatch.
Pahrem casts a smite.  Turkakodzilla's footsteps shake
the ground behind me. Laurelade unleashes another
burning AOE.  I strike with Bite. The green egg cracks.

Laurelade casts Firestorm.
Laurelade hits you for 10 damage.
You resist 10 damage.

 Both of the remaining eggs shatter under
Laurelade's spell.  This time I'm unable to avoid their
contents as my boots are mired in yellow goop.
 Laurelade says, "Sorry, failed my control roll."
 I groan.  "You've gotta get that friendly fire
under control."
 55
 Pahrem says, "You know how much this
makes me want an omelet?"
 I don't have time to answer. Turkakodzilla looms
overhead.
 "GRROOOOOOAAAARRRRBBBBLE-ABBLE
ABBLE."
 The yolk freezes, and the lower half of my body
is encased in ice. On top of that my health drops by
thirty percent.
 "Hey breakfast!" I toss my chakram at
Turkakodzilla because I'm out of range for Bite.

Taunt. Successful.
Turkakodzilla attacks.

 "Everyone behind the boss. Once the ice breaks
I'm gonna kite away from the slime."
 I can't move, so it's impossible to dodge the next
attack. Turkakodzilla attempts to stomp me, and I
miraculously manage to parry  with my staff, causing
the foot to smash down right beside me. The boss backs
up and lowers its head.  Awe... fuck..  Boom! Boom!
Boom! I wince, under the rattling footsteps and brace
for impact.
 56
 " U g h ! "  O n  t h e  b r i g h t  s i d e ,  m y  l e g s  a r e  n o
longer locked inside a block of ice. On the other, I'm
flying way farther than I had before. I clear the fence
that marks the Turkeyshoot enclosure, and
Turkakodzilla is groarbling after in hot pursuit, I see
stars and dark spots as my head hits the earth.  My
health's down to thirty percent.
 I could really use a heal.
 The stunned debuff appears in the corner of my
vision. Pahrem and Laurelade must be out of range. A
Turkakodzilla stomp sinks my health even lower...
fifteen percent. I can't move due to being stunned for
the next five seconds.
 Damn... No Turkeygeddon this match...
 I've all but given up when a bubble of golden
light bursts around me. Pahrem's in range!
 My health leaps up to the sixty percent mark,
and then trickles higher over the next few moments.
My vision begins to clear, and I can move around again.
 "Yeah! Heal your ass off Pahrem!"
 Rather than attacking. I spin Bite in front of me,
slam one end into the dirt, and taunt so the boss will
keep coming at me.
 57

Taunt. Successful.
Turkakodzilla attacks.

 I dip out of the way of the monster turkey's foot
and take no damage.  PAH-POOM! PAH-BOOM! PAH-
POOM! An endless stream of purple mage bolts slam
into the boss's body.  I hit the boss's leg with my staff
sending arcs of electricity into him.
 Boss health: 60%
 I shout, "We've got this!" as I dodge out of the
way of another monster stomp, sending my dodge
counter up one.  The boss breathes deep. I glance over
my shoulder and see a tree.

  Shadow Step (Rank 5) - Success!

 I charge toward the turkey, step into it's shadow,
and re-emerge in the shade of  the tree. I miss the wave
of fire breath entirely, though  the grass isn't so lucky as
red embers, and small yellow flames smoke and
smolder. With some amusement, I note a crowd of
gawkers watching, following, but keeping a safe
distance.
 58
 Laurelade casts an ice sp ell to hold the boss in
place, and I toss my chakra m as soon as I'm within
range. Not much sound as it impacts, but I'm rewarded
with seeing it's health drop another ten percent. The
scent of burning feathers fills the air as Laurelade
unleashes another Cinderburst causing feathers to
catch fire.
 My health's up to eighty percent now, and
Turkakodzilla attempts to stomp me, I try to evade. He
barely nicks me. No damage to me, but a bolt of
electricity from my magic boots rebounds on my
attacker. I follow the dodge up with a swift kick to the
nearest foot that causes light to explode from my heal—
another effect of the enchantment.
 The boss breathes deep. I try to run out of range,
but I'm too slow. Shadow Step still has two more
seconds on cool down.  A tsunami of green acid pours
o v e r  m e .  I t  b u r n s ,  t h o u g h  t h a n k f u l l y  i n  g a m e  p a i n  i s
diminished. It's still not comfortable. My health's back
down to forty, but Pahrem's watching and is fast on the
heal. I'm now up to sixty percent... seventy.
 The goblin lobs one of her g'nades. Two seconds
later it explodes setting more feathers on fire. The area
goes bright as Laurelade hammers the boss with her
Solaris  Incendiuus spell.
 59
 Turkakodzilla health: 20%
 "Keep going!"
 I dodge out of the way of another turkey stomp.
BOOM. It crashes against the ground beside me. I hit
the foot with my electrified staff and lightning scurries
up it's leg. Another Cinderburst.  Pahrem smites!
 Boss health: 10%
 We're so close I can taste it. Turkakodzilla
heaves a deep breath.  Flashes of purple.  PAH-POOM!
PAH-BOOM BOOM!  Mage bolts!  There's just a sliver
of boss health remaining. I spring forward and deliver a
roundhouse kick, before it can hit me with it's next
breath weapon.
 "GRRROOOOOOAAARRRRRRRRBBBBBLLLL
EE...ble... ugh..."
 Turkakodzilla falls backward.  The ground
rumbles. Leaves in the trees shake  and flutter down
when the boss hits the ground.
 "Alright!"  Pahrem says.
 "Finally."  Laurelade says.

Round Ten Complete - TURKEYGEDDON!

 60
 " Whew. " I breathe deeply. The boss despawns
leaving a loot chest in place of a corpse.  I motion for
the others to open it.
 Pahrem cheers, "All right!  I got the title."
 "What's the title? Show me." She holds out her
VT so I can see the announcement.

Congratulations!
By defeating Turkakodzilla in the one, three, and
five person challenges and obtaining 10 items from
the Turkeyshoot Gift Shop, you have been awarded
a new title.
You have earned the achievement: Turkanator.

 Pahrem configures something in her interface so
that her name now displays as Pahrem the Turkanator
on her nameplate. "This is awesome."
 Laurelade asks, "How did you manage the one
person challenge? You have a DPS alt or something?"
 Pahrem says, "Lots of potions, g'nades and
goblin alchemy."

 61
You have received 200 Turkeyshoot tokens.

Turkeyshoot Cornucopia
T y p e :
                                                   Misc
Quality:
                                                                                Epic
Use:
                              Creates nourishment for 10 minutes.
                      Cooldown: 60 minutes.
 62

Turkakodzilla's Steelbeak Claw Tips
T y p e :
                                      Fist Weapon
Quality:
                                                                                 Epic
Base Damage:
                        Strength+3 (Slashing)
Equipped Bonus:
          Stamina +2, Dexterity+2, Strength+2
Special Properties:

Steelbeak Knockback  - When activated, sends target
flying Strength x2+Damage feet on successful hit.
Stuns if target flies more than 40 feet.
      Cooldown: 1 minute, 30 seconds

 "Roll for Cornucopia."

Laurelade rolls 1 (1-10) sided dice. Result: 6
Melpomine rolls 1 (1-10) sided dice. Result: 5
Pahrem rolls 1 (1-10) sided dice. Result: 8

 The goblin takes the horn of plenty in her hands.
"Today's my lucky day ain't it?"
 63
 "What's it do?"
 Laurelade says, "Just creates buff food for a few
minutes. Nothing OP since it's a holiday welfare epic."
 I look to Pahrem. "Give it a shot."
 She rubs the horn like a magic lamp. Orange
light pulses, and fills the interior with red, and yellow
mist. "Reach in."
 I follow the instruction, not sure what to expect,
but then my hand brushes up against something greasy
and solid. I take hold, with draw my arm, and discover
that I'm holding a turkey drumstick.
 I sniff. "Smells good."
 Laurelade says, "Tastes terrible. Same as
everything outside Pehrom's kitchen."
 I take a bite, and am saddened to discover she's
right. I swallow my first mouth full it tastes of
unflavored tofu. A new buff appears in the corner of my
vision.

Turkeyshoot Drumstick
Stamina increased by 10%
Regeneration increased by 20%
Duration: 60 minutes

 I say, "That's not so bad." referring to the buff.
 64
 "It's not bad." Laurelade says, "But not
amazing.  I'd rather have plus ten percent to all stats, or
twenty to one."
 I shrug. "How about the fist weapon?"
 "Take it," Laurelade says.
 Pahrem says, "Claws are yours. I don't melee."
 "Thanks." I put them in my inventory, thinking
about how to use them.  Bite's still my preferred
weapon for tanking since it has an AoE taunt, but I'm
sure there's some situations  where the claw tips could
be useful since I don't have any knockback abilities.
 The announcer booms the names of the next
Turkeyshoot challengers,  and Tako approaches. "You
want to do it again?"
 I shrug. "I've got a few runs left in me. After that
I'm going to Dragonswood. I want to check in with
Zarentu and Aztram before we start the North Pole
quest  to see if they have anything that can help us."
 Laurelade asks, "What do you think they can
do?"
 I shrug. "Dunno, but Aztram gave us the tip that
helped us clear Cerberus last time."
 Laurelade says, "Who's in your party?"
 "I'm thinking Me, Tako, Mirae, Frobod and
Lilly."
 65
 A look crosses her face, but it's hard to
interpret since when she's not being aloof, she's
grumpy. Disappointment?
 Pahrem cuts in. "You can be in my group." She
holds her hand up to my sh oulder like a rollercoaster
sign at Six Flags. "You must be this small to come. Beat
it short points!"
 Tako eyes Pahrem, looks to Laurelade, then back
to me, "Is she racist against elves?" I can tell the
healer's just joking, and I'm sure Tako can too.
 "No way. We'll take a full blooded elf, but you
half breeds are too tall. It's like I said, long legs, keep
movin'."
 "I guess tall is relative." I've always felt short as a
non-human. I regard Tako. "If you're looking for tokens,
I can do another 3P match with you if Pahrem's game,
or 5P if we can find someone else."
 66


Chapter 3 - Rage Babies

 After a few more Turkeyshoot battles, I leave the
others to farm tokens for their seasonal items, and visit
Dragonswood. I haven't been to Dragonswood Keep
since we returned from Hades. I travel via Thunder
Bridge.
 CRACK.
 Lightning strikes on a cloudless autumn day.
Stars and colorful splotches dance for a few moments in
my vision. A puffed up man with a walrus moustache
wearing Lord Zarentu's white tabard embroidered with
a golden dragon  greets me.
 "Lady Lord Melpomine."
 "Hi Archibald. How are things?"
 "Quite well! Quite well...  I think." His voice
grows less confident by the syllable. Instead of
 67
answering with words I raise a thin blonde eyebrow.
"There's nothing wrong with you, or Lord Zarentu
anyway."
 I sense a quest. "Tell me more."
 "Well, you know it's the holidays, and people are
running wild trying to get ready."
 "That doesn't sound too bad."
 "Yes, well...  Our new additions haven't been
helping."
 "You mean the people I brought back from
Hades?"
 Archibald nods.
 A clean shaven string bean of a man, also
wearing Zarentu's house crest and colors, and conical
helm approaches from within the gate. The newcomer
smirks and says, "Tellin' he r about the rage babies, are
you?"
 "Hello, Lyle." I pause, and then ask. "Rage
babies?"
 Archibald says, "That's what we've started
calling them."
 Jason, Annette, and James must love that being
in their mid to late twenties.
 My heart jumps because I feel responsible for
the Freefolk we brought to Haven. Not only did our
 68
party rescue the trio from a Freeworld Vampire
dungeon, but I also used my Freeworld Online wererat
alt to infect them with the Nativity Pestilence when I
b r o u g h t  t h e m  t o  H a v e n .   I n  s o m e  s e n s e ,  b y
transforming them from humans into Rodekin, I'm
their mother.
 "I hope they're not too much trouble."
 Archibald puffs up. "Nothing dragons can't
handle."
 "I'm sure.  Where are they?" The guards
exchange meaningful looks,  so I repeat, "Where are
they?"
 Archibald says, "Yes, that..."
 Lyle chortles and ges tures toward the forest
bordering the castle. "Down the road and out of ear
shot."
 Archibald says, "Our lord's fixed up a cottage for
them."
 Lyle says, "More like fi xed a cottage for himself."
 "Oh dear." I imagine what it must be like to live
with not one, but three newly changed were rats that
haven't mastered their impulses. It's a character type
that literally has rage and ca lm as stats, and the former
starts a lot higher. Until that  calm rating eclipses rage,
a were is going to be short tempered and violent. "I'll
 69
pay them a visit when I'm do ne here. Is Lord Zarentu
or Master Aztram available?"
 Archibald looks to Lyle, and says "They're in our
lord's study, correct?"
 Lyle nods. "They should  finish any moment."
 Archibald says, "I trust you know the way by
now. If you hurry you may be  able to catch both at
once."
 "Thanks. Have a good one."
 Dragonswood keep has become a second home
since the Toxic Muffins forged  an alliance with Lord
Zarentu, the light dragon that rules this settlement in
human form. The castle walls, and draconic tapestries
decorating the corridors feel familiar in a way they
hadn't a few months ago. The large wooden door of
Zarentu's study opens ahead of me. A spry elderly half-
elf  dips out.
 "Lady Lord Melpomine.  What a surprise. So
good to see you."
 "Nice to see you too, Aztram. I see you're feeling
better." The last time I saw him he had a limp.
 "Much better.  I was only down a couple of
days."
 "I was hoping to check in and pick your mind."
 "Oh?".
 70
 "We're planning another adventure."
 "Did you want to talk to Lord Zarentu as well?"
 I nod.  "Since you're both here..."  I trail
motioning to the door.
 The half-elf says, "Not a problem. I'll announce
you."  He turns, knocks twice, and pushes the door
open. "May I present, Lady  L o r d  M e l p o m i n e ,  o f  t h e
Toxic Muffins?" The heavy door groans as he pushes it
wider, and motions me in. Za rentu sits behind his desk
with steepled fingers. He gi ves me a tight, yellow eyed
smile.
 I laugh. "Less than happy to see me?"
 Lord Zarentu says, "As always, it's a pleasure
Lady Lord Melpomine."
 "Your words say  yes, but your mouth..."
 "Just hoping you haven't brought any more
surprises."
 "I'm sorry about that. I hear Annette, Jason, and
James have been causing problems."
 He shakes his head."You did well in bringing
them to me, but... I may have underestimated the scope
of this project."
 Aztram says, "Their magic doesn't make any
sense. Completely foreign.  I'd really appreciate if you
could teach me the basics of alien magic."
 71
 "They're doing magic?" I ask, surprised.
 The old mage says, "Trying to... From what I
gather it hasn't been very effective, and they lack the
discipline to learn the proper art."
 I assume that by "proper art" he means Haven
style magic ."That may chan ge.  They've been through
no small transformation." I look to Zarentu. "I hear
they have their own cottage. What happened?"
 Zarentu snorts, I can imagine a puff of smoke
bursting out of a draconic muzzle. "They couldn't stay.
All day, all night, screeching, and causing a ruckus. No
one could slumber. By the terms of our agreement, I
couldn't kill them so..."
 "You built them a house." I finish. "Makes
perfect sense."
 Aztram says, "More like restored, but yes."
 "How are they doing?"
 Zarentu says, "Well enough. Aggressive,
explosive, and yet... also hu man.  You are correct in
your assessment that they are not like local weres. They
need training. Once they learn self control, and how to
use their magic they'll be welcome back in my
household."
 I regard Aztram. "If it's what I think, my
instruction won't help you. Freeworld Weres have their
 72
own magic that's different from other magic. The
only way to learn is to become a were yourself."
 He shudders. "Perhaps I'd be better studying
from afar."
 Zarentu says, "This does not change the fact that
they need guidance. Perhaps you could help with that."
 "What do you want me to do?"
 "Take them on one of your adventures. Teach
them of what you know of their kind."
 "Eh..." I trail. My were-rat isn't exactly advanced,
so I'm not the best teacher. I rarely spent time playing
characters with rage, because of the short fuse issue. If
you're not careful, you'll lose control and start ripping
apart your own party. "We have an important mission
but... I'm not sure bringing along three volatile Rodekin
is a good idea."
 Zarentu says, "Then take one of my rage babies,
train it, and return so it can help the others."
 73

Quest
Taming the Rage Babies
Difficulty: Moderate

Lord Zarentu has asked you to help educate his
Rodekin guests by taking one of them with you on
one of your quests. During this time, you're
expected to help them l earn their magic, channel
their rage, or learn to overcome it.

NPC party members will not count toward party
limits.

Objectives:
Complete a quest of hard difficulty or greater with
Annette, Jason, or James in your party
      0 / 1

Rewards:
+750 Reputation with Dragonswood Keep
+500 Personal Reputation with Lord Zarentu
200 gold
1 Rare quality item from Lord Zarentu's armory.

 74
Conditional Rewards:
+1000 General repute with spirits.
(Must assume were creature alias on turn in.)

Do you accept?  Yes / No

 I choose yes.
 "I'd pay you for the trouble. Upon return, you
may also help yourself to an item from my armory. As
you've said before. You're the closest thing we have to
an expert. "
 "I'll see what I can do. Do you have any
preference on who comes with me?" The dragon shakes
his head no. "I'll take A nnette then. I'm sure she's
feeling out of place in a small home with a couple of
boys." I fish the mangled do lly we found in Hades from
my inventory, and pass it to Aztram.  "I was hoping you
might be able to help me find the owner of this."
 75


Mangled Dolly (Unique)
This item begins a quest.

Description:
A child's toy that's seen better days. Beneath it's dress
is the mark of the San'ta Elves. Someone in the North
Pole may be looking for this.

Activate to start this quest.

 He takes it in his old wrinkled hands, scrunches
his face, and examines the doll from all angles. "This is
the mark of the San'ta. Reclusive folk from the top of
the world."
 "As in the North Pole, right? We've got to find
them, and return this to it's owner. What can you tell
me?"
 "Well..." Aztram trails. "As I said, they're
reclusive. We only see them around Winter Festival
when Great Uncle Winter makes an appearance."
 "Is that like Santa Claus?"
 76
 "I don't know who Santa Claus is, but Great
Uncle Winter wears a jolly red suit and brings toys to
children. Adults too on occasion."
 "It's Santa." Lord Zarentu inclines his head,
inviting an explanation. "In the home of adventurers,
and Freeworld for that matter, there's the story of Santa
Claus.  A fat bearded man in a red suit who brings gifts
to good children, and leaves coal for bad ones."
 Zarentu rumbles, "This Santa Claus. Is he a
spirit?"
 I shrug. "In my world he's make believe, but I
think he's real in the free world. The stories say that he
flies around the entire world in a magic sleigh one night
in every year. He sneaks in to homes while families are
asleep, and leaves gifts bene ath the Christmas..." I see
confusion clouding the NPC's expressions, and amend,
"Winter tree. The kids often leave milk and cookies out
on the table to thank him."
 Aztram says, "It appears your Santa has much in
common with Great Uncle Winter, though in Haven
he's quite real. Though Winter Festival lasts two weeks,
you can see him on the last day of celebration every
year. He usually appears in temples, and places of
giving with his elves. Thos e are the San'ta who made
this mark."  He indicates the symbol on the dolly.
 77
 " H o w  d o e s  h e  a p p e a r  i n  s o  m a n y  p l a c e s  a t
once, if everyone can see him?"
 Aztram shrugs, "Powerful magic, we suspect.
Fueled by Winter Festival cheer."
 "Do you have any advice for finding him... or
more precisely the San'ta elves, before Winter
Festival?"
 "Go to the North Pole." Aztram says.
 "Yeah... I got that. Do you have any suggestions
for what to do when we get there, or even how to get
there?"
 The wizard shrugs. "It's a largely unexplored
region. There are no public portals that I know of to
take you there, though I suppose you could charter a
ship for the journey. Given the environment, I think it's
safe to expect frost creatures."
 "What is the environment? Where I come from,
the North Pole is a massive sheet of ice floating on top
of an ocean."
 "Really?"  Aztram says, sounding curious. "It's
part of the arctic continent in Haven." I must look
confused because he clarifies, "Arctica. Quite cold, but
there is, at least, land."
 "What about the South Pole?"
 "That's part of the nether arctic continent."
 78
 "Nether-Arctica?"
 Aztram smiles. "Yes."
 "In Freeworld it's called Antarctica."
 Aztram says, "Quite similar."
 I say, "You'll find that much of the geography is
identical if you ever cross over, though cities and
cultures differ."
 Lord Zarentu says, "When will you be departing
for your expedition?"
 I shrug. "Soon, within a few days. I've got to
organize the last of the pa rty and get Annette up to
speed."
 "If you need transport, I can place you in contact
with a ship's captain for a charter."
 I nod. "I'll let you know if it comes to that. Ships
are slow, so I'd like to explore magical transport first."
 Zarentu waves his hand. "You have my offer."
 I look to Aztram hoping that he can contribute
magical transportation. Anything?
 He says, "I'm afraid I can't assist you there.
Speak to the Wayfarers Guild." Damn... I could have
figured that out myself.
 "Well, thank you for your help. I think I'm going
to visit Annette now."
* * * * *
 79
 The Rodekin's cottage is about ten minutes
into Dragonswood Forest where deciduous leaves on
skeletal brown trees paint the land and canopy in an
insurrection of red, orange, and gold. A side trail off the
main road leads into a ravine where trees are sparse,
and the rustic structure is ne stled at the end.  The air
smells of decomposing leaves and smoke, rising
through a cozy chimney. A pitch fork, hoe, and long
handled shovel stand propped against stone walls
beneath a thatched roof. To the side there's a small pen
for livestock though I see no animals.
 A dry twig snaps underfoot as I call, "Hello..?
Annette?" No immediate response.  "Jason? James? Is
this your house?"
 "Just a moment!" A female voice sounds from
the back.  A minute later she comes around wearing a
heavy dirt smudged apron and a pair of thick gloves.
She's holding a spade in her right hand.
 "Wow." She's come a long way from being the
shell shocked victim the vampires kept on tap, or the
angry survivor that wanted to become a were so
vampires wouldn't feed on her again. "You look good."
 She sighs. "We're adapting."
 "I half expected this place to be a smoking crater
from the way they talk at Dragonswood Keep."
 80
 Annette motions for me to follow her around
the side of the little house. "Come around. I'll show you
what we have here."
 I trail after, and discover a start of a garden
behind the house. There's also a picnic table and a
couple of long wooden benches to sit at. Nothing
sprouting, but there are moun ds of dirt where seeds
and bulbs have been planted in the earth.  Furthermore
a trio of small chicken coops line the back wall of their
home.
 "There won't be much growing during winter,
but I figured I'd get a start on things for the spring."
Motioning with her hand, Annette says, "We cleared
out this whole area for growing. When we got here it
was all forest floor.  Had to clear the leaves, break up
the soil and smooth it all out."
 "Looks like you've been keeping busy."
 A male voice within the house, "Mother fu... Son
of a bitch! WHERE'S MY DAMN CHICKEN!"
 Jason storms out the back door and gets in
Annette's face, "You eat my bird?"
 Annette screeches, "I didn't touch your food!"
 "This is bullshit!" He slaps the spade out of her
hand.  It makes a metallic clatter on the ground.
 81
 Far from cowed, Annette hauls off and
delivers him a full palmed slap across the face that
reverberates in the air with  a fleshy POP! "I said, I
didn't touch your damned food!"
 A wild gleam fills Jason's eyes when she
connects, and my stomach jumps. Oh shit. I wince both
in sympathy of the blow and explosion of activity.
Jason takes a swing at her head, she dips out of the way
and kicks him, hard, in the leg.
 "I DIDN'T EAT YOUR FOOD!"
 Jason's face begins to elongate, and rodent
whiskers sprout from his up per lip.  His clothing
stretches to accommodate his fast enlarging body, as
brown fur springs up on his arms and legs. He's now
several heads taller than I am . A hairless tail dances
back behind him like a whip, and his hairy enlarged
hands are now tipped with vicious were claws.
 "I'll break you! Lying bitch!"
 "Hey!" I shout. "Chill out!"
 Jason takes a swipe at me with those nasty claws,
I duck out of the way, drop to the ground, place my
hands in the dirt, and bring my leg around to trip him.
 82

Martial Arts Maneuver - Dragon Tail Sweep (Rank 3)
- Success!

 The male wererat goes down, falling hard on his
butt with an "Ugh!" and an incoherent scratch of
syllables that I assume must be profanity.
 Meanwhile Annette howls, "What did you call
me?"  Now she's growing a few heads taller, and just as
furry. Unlike Jason, her fur is white with random
patches of black about her body. She tackles him on the
ground, and smashes her rodent  forehead into his ratty
face. A smear of read decorates the spot between and
above her eyes like an Indian bindi.
 "Guys!" I shout, as James comes around the
other side of the house with  a sack over his shoulder,
and chewing the meat off a baked chicken leg. He
snickers.  Annette and Jaso n roll in the dirt while
chittering and clawing at each others faces.
 "Give them a minute till it runs out of their
system."
 Jason stops clawing Annette, his nose twitches.
"My chicken!" He throws Annette off him like a sack of
mulch, stumbles to his feet, and charges the new comer.
"You ate my chicken asshole!"
 83
 James quickly polishes off the rest of the meat
and tosses the bone over his shoulder.  "Look what I
brought."
 Jason shows his interest by plowing into James
like a linebacker and knocks him to the ground.
Annette, springs to her feet and runs at the two men.
 James says, "Fucker! I brought..." Jason claws
him, leaving bright red claw marks on his cheek.
Something snaps inside as he too shifts to wererat form,
and beats on the guy that tackled him.
 Annette takes two running steps, and makes a
flying leap, landing on Jason's back, and pressing
James, on the bottom, further into the ground. "Don't
call me a bitch, biotch!" She hits the back of his head
with her claws leaving bloody tracks in his fur. She
bunches her hairy hands into fists, and begins
hammering on the back of Jason's skull like she's trying
to give him a concussion. "Bastard!"
 I don't know what to do. I just watch the
spectacle with my mouth hanging agape wondering,
Have they been going at it like this every night?  The
three are a writhing mass of  fly in g l im bs , curs es , and
fur.  Eventually, Jason in the middle stops moving, and
automatically transforms back into human unconscious.
Annette hits him one more time for good measure, rolls
 84
on to her back and stares upward, breathing heavily.
After fifteen or twenty secon ds she reverts to human.
Finally James pushes Jason's lifeless body off him, and
shrinks back into his human shape.
   Speaking reluctantly, "Is he going to be okay?"
Like twins, the two consciou s wererats wave dismissive
hands.
 Annette  heaves herself to her feet and smiles,
"You found us!"
 "Errr..."  I guess we're not go ing to talk about
what just happened.
 James motions into the forest, "I got a few
rabbits for the ice box, and ki lled a boar back that way.
It's too big for me to carry. I was hoping you could help
me."
 Annette says, "He's our hunter. Getting pretty
good with a bow. We give a portion of what he hunts to
the Keep to show appreciation for supplies and our new
home, and in exchange Zarentu's people teach us
skills."
 85

Quest
Boar Meat
Difficulty: Easy

James has killed a boar in Dragonswood, but it's
too large for him to carry  on his own.  Help him
bring it home, then escort one of the wererats with
a portion of meat to Dragonswood Keep.

Objectives:
Boar retrieved    0/1

Rewards:
+75 Reputation with Dragonswood Keep
Recipe: Dragonswood Boar
50 silver

Do you accept?  Yes / No

 I choose yes.
 "I thought you guys weren' t allowed at the keep."
 James says, "Lord Zarentu allows one of us to
visit at a time, if we can keep our heads."
 Jason stirs, and then sits up looking dazed.
 86
 Annette says, "James got us a boar.  We need
help bringing it back."
 He grumbles something about "chicken," and
Annette responds with "Pulled pork sandwiches!"
 I look to James, "So where's the boar?"
 "This way."
 We follow after, breaking away from the road
and into the understory where brush and sticks snap
underfoot.
 "Good hunting?"
 "Not bad." James says. "It's a little tricky
learning the bow, but I guess some of my ability with
firearms back home has carried over."
 "I should teach you meditation. It helps balance
the rage, so you can maintain self control. Zarentu says
you can come back once you stop flying off the handle."
 "I don't know." Annette says, "I kind of like our
place in the forest."
 I chuckle. "You could be a medicine woman.
Make the folk come visit you in your cottage."
 "Only problem with that is I can't heal."
 "Aztram says you've been trying to do magic."
 She makes a teeter tottering so-so gesture with
her hand.  "I often feel like I'm on the cusp of
something and then... nothing."
 87
 "Do you know about the spirits?" I take her
silence as a no.  "All Rodekin powers, and Rodekin
specific magic come from bargaining with the spirits.
You have to pay tribute to them and ask for their
assistance."
 Jason says, "What do you mean spirits? Like
dead people in Hades?"
 I shake my head no, "Rodekin and other weres
get their magic from nature spirits. In fact, rather than
being a spirit inside of a body, your flesh has become so
infused with natural power that you are now a creature
of spirit.  It's the reason why nature spirits can teach
you their abilities."
 Annette says, "I'm tryi ng to wrap my head
around that.  So what your saying is that humans are
souls inside of bodies, and Rodekin are...."
 "Souls inside of fleshy spirit bodies."
 James says, "What's the difference?"
 "Humans are flesh and bone. Weres from where
you come from are flesh and bone that has been
saturated in spirit energy. So much so that disembodied
spirits think of you as cousins."
 Annette says, "I guess that makes sense.... On an
abstract philosophical level. I feel just the same when
I'm not angry or transforming."
 88
 "I think it'll feel more real as you grow into
your new powers."
 We come upon the carcass of a fat wild pig.
 James says, "Here it is." He walks over to a tree
and drags a pair of long shafts of wood to the body.
"Found these before I went to get you  to help us carry."
 I'm thinking on the Rage Baby quest. "Hold up."
Three sets of eyes regard me.  "Zarentu wants me to
teach you what I can about Rodekin and Rodekin
magic." I look to Annette, "I'd also like to bring you
with us on our next adventure, for additional
instruction."
 "Why her?" Jason snaps.
 "I figured she might like a break from being
around a bunch of men for a while."
 Annette says, "I don't know..."
 "I've gotta take someone, and this is the best way
to help you get started on that medicine woman thing.
We may be able to get you some healing."
 "We'll see." She says, "We've just settled."
 Never thought an NPC would be fighting me on
joining the quest.
 "Anyway... The first step toward growing
stronger, interacting with nature spirits, and balancing
the rage inside you is acknowledging the spirits around
 89
you." I kneel beside the boar. Its dead eyes stare
vacantly into the canopy.  "Come here."
 Annette kneels beside me, then James joins, and
finally Jason.   Three arrow shafts penetrate deep into
the animal's flesh. Patting it's belly, I can still feel a bit
of warmth.  My fingers become red when I touch the
wound with my fingertips.
 "What are you doing?" James asks.
 I draw a crimson streak on my cheek, savoring
the sensation of blood against my skin. I move closer to
him, and do the same. I look to Annette. "Your turn."
She leans forward, I touch the wound, and repeat the
gesture. "Jason?"
 His lip curls. "Gross."
 "This is important."  He sighs and leans toward
me, I make a two fingered smear on his cheek. "Feel
that on your skin. This animals blood. It died so that
you can live. Never forget that."
 James says, "I know."
 "Then thank Boar for his sacrifice."
 "Huh?"  Jason says.
 "It's like a prayer. Bow your head, and thank the
spirit of this animal for dying so that you might
survive."
 I bow my head, and initiate the rite.
 90

You cannot perform were magic on this alias.
Please change to a were creature alias to complete
this spell.

 "I can't complete the process as I am now,
because this... body... isn't Rodekin.  See if you can do
it."
 James and Annette bow their heads, Annette
folds her hands like she's in church, and I whisper
"Good."  I look to Jason,  he rolls his eyes, and goes
through the motions. "Anything?"
 No response.  Seconds bleed into minutes, as
Jason and Annette's muscles relax and their faces grow
serene.  I decide not to interrupt.

Mentorship skill increased by 1. Current level: 2
You have taught Annette Rite of Gratitude.
You have taught James Rite of Gratitude.

 I guess I don't have to switch to a Rodekin alias
to teach basic rituals.
 "Whoa...." James says.
 "That's so cool..." Annette echoes.
 91
 "Do this every time you kill for food or prepare
a meal to begin building repute with the spirits. Pretty
soon they'll begin helping you."
 Jason says, "I don't feel anything."
 I consider telling him that it's because he's not
trying, but instead settle on "It just takes practice," not
wanting to see him turn violent.
 Jason eats his words and asks, "What
happened?"
 Annette looks around and then begins helping
James create a stretcher from the long pieces of wood
using a combination of rope and canvas in between.
"Hard to explain exactly.  The world feels lighter, and
everything looks more alive.  Even dirt, if that makes
sense."
 "That's because of the spirits. In Rodekin
cosmology, everything has a spirit.  Even stones and the
wind."
 James asks, "So it's not just people and
animals?"
 I shake my head no. "The  young typically find it
easier to interact with animals."
 Jason says, "I'm 27."
 "The day you were infected was a new birthday.
So far as weres are concerned, you're just babies."
 92
 James shudders. "Never been so sick in my
life."
 I nod. "It sucks, but on the bright side Rodekin
are immune to poisons and disease.  The Nativity
Pestilence inoculates you against all but the nastiest
magical illnesses."
 Annette stands having rolled the animal on the
carrying device with James's help. "Well that's
something."
 James says, "'Nette, carry up front with me.  Mel
and Jason take the back."
 We heft the pig between us, each of us taking
one end of the make shift carrier.  It's heavy but
manageable between us.  Speaking to Annette, I say,
"Why don't you help me take the meat to Zarentu so we
can discuss the quest?"
 She gives me a look over her shoulder, I correct
myself, wondering if the word quest is somehow
filtered out of NPC ears. "The adventure I mentioned to
help train you."
 "Alright..."  Her voice is non-committal.
 Back at the cottage, the boys are quick to butcher
the pig, breaking it down into component parts, though
not as fast as opening up a loot window and retrieving
"boar meat." One of the many perks of being a player.
 93
 "Ready to go?"
 James gestures to a bunch of paper wrapped
parcels on the backyard table.  "We've got a cart if you
want."
 One by one they disappear into my inventory.
"I'm good, with my magic backpack. Annette?"
 She removes her apron. "Alright."
 Now long out of earshot, walking back to
Dragonswood Keep, I look to her. "What's up? I
expected you to be more enthusiastic."
 "We're just always moving. First from home to
Hades. Then from Hades to here, now you want to take
me off to I don't know where."
 "The North Pole."
 "Yeah, there. It's hard to put down roots."
 "This is a little different, because we're coming
back.  I guess the last few times you never knew where
you'd end up."  She nods in acknowledgement. "This
will help you.  Once you can get your rage and abilities
under control, Zarentu will let you back in the keep
which will make it even easier for you to become a part
of the community."
 "I guess."  She says.
 "If you really don't want to go I'll ask James, it's
up to you."
 94
 A silence that's punctuated by crunchy
footsteps settles between us. A few moments later she
responds, "Alright, I'll go."
 I smile.  "Glad to hear it."
 Lyle greets us at the gate. "Lady Lord
Melpomine... Miss Annette."
 "We've got meat for the kitchen."  He eyes us
skeptically, so I follow. "Magical backpack."
 His eyes flicker to my shoulders, which do not
seem to be holding a backpack since I toggled it to
remain hidden some time ago, but it's lack of presence
seems to remind him that I'm an adventurer. "Right
you are then."
 Annette says,  "I know the way."
 "So you do. Don't keep Aya waiting."
 That's the Mistress of the Kitchens.  I'm
surprised by how quiet the environment is when we
find her.  A fine smelling stew warms over a cook fire,
and a few chefs in toque blanches chop vegetables on
cutting boards, but there's no sense of urgency in the
kitchen.
 Annette calls, "Mistress Aya?"
 A brunette woman with long straight hair pulled
into a pony tail peeks her head out of a magically
chilled, walk in, ice box.  She's wearing a black chef's
 95
jacket with Zarentu's golden house crest on the
breast.  "Annette!  What do you have for me?" She then
realizes the Rodekin's not alone. "Lord Melpomine."
 "Boar meat."
 Aya says, "Bring it here." My skin becomes goose
flesh as we step into the freezer, and I begin
withdrawing the wrapped parcels from my inventory.
"I see James is becoming quite the hunter. Good for
him."
 Annette nods.
 "I'm surprised it's so mellow around here. When
I arrived Archibald made it sound like the keep was
chaos."
 Aya says, "It's only Chaos in here before a feast.
We have a few weeks yet. Laurent preparing for his
Winterfest fashion show is another story."  She stacks
the hunks of meat on well organized shelves. "Stick
around, and I'll teach you how to prepare it."

 96

Quest Completed: Boar Meat
You have gained:
+75 Reputation with Dragonswood Keep
Recipe: Dragonswood Boar
50 silver

 Instruction doesn't take long, since it's Haven
cooking and not the real world kind that actually
requires you to manipulate the ingredients.

You have gained the skill Cooking.
Current level: 1

 Well there's an added benefit.  I'll probably
never use it,  but I'm not complaining since every skill
up gives me points to spend on spells and special
abilities.
 "Do you have any scraps I can take with me?"
 "Hungry?" Aya asks.
 I shake my head no, "It's for the birds." Annette
looks inquisitive. "It's for your training."
 "I'm sure we can find something.  How about
hard cheese, a few nuts, old bread?
 97
 "That should work." I say.
 98


Chapter 4 - Magpie

 The courtyard is quiet when Lord Zarentu's not
hosting a tournament.  A guard patrols near the front
gate, and gardeners manicure hedges near the keep's
entrance.  Annette and I are now standing beneath a
tree with red and orange leaves.
 I hand her the bundle of stale bread, old mild
cheddar, and nuts. "I'm going to teach you to call your
first spirit. They should be more receptive to you after
the Rite of Gratitude.  The vast majority of your magic
will start with an offering to the spirits."
 She asks, "What are we going to call?"
 "I think Magpie's a good place to start since he's
seen you, and responded to me not too long ago."
 Annette asks, "What can he do?"
 99
 "Many things, but for now we're going to focus
on you two building a relationship, so he'll teach you
new abilities."
 "What do I do?"
 I say, "Break up the bread, and scatter some of it
with a bit of the nuts and cheese on the ground." She
follows my instruction. "Cup the rest in your hands like
this, and hold your hands up like you're giving it to the
tree. Send out a mental call for assistance."
 "What do you mean?"
 "In this case, just address Magpie, and indicate
that you're looking for guidance and instruction. It's
like a silent prayer. This is your first time so it may take
a few tries."
 She holds her hands up filled with the bits of
cheese and bread, then closes her eyes. Long seconds
pass. Nothing happens.
 "It's not working." Irritation sounds in her voice.
 "Take deep breaths, calm... Feel the air moving
in and out of your lungs. Picture the spirit in your mind.
You remember what he looks like, right?"
 "Not really."
 I think back to when we first met.  She might
have been unconscious then. "Alright.  You know what
 100
a magpie looks like?  Kinda like a crow, with a patch
of white, and dark blue and black feathers?"
 "Sort of."
 "Good. Picture a bird like that, but as a ghost
with a blue-white aura." She closes her eyes,
concentrating, though her hands aren't raised. "Do you
see it?"
 "Shut up, and let me concentrate!"
 "Err. Okay." Never forget she's Rodekin.
 She breathes deep. I watc h her chest slowly rise
and fall.  I want to give encouragement, but I'm sliding
on cracked ice not wanting to invoke her temper.
 "I've got it." She says.  "I feel something."
 "Good. Now raise your hands to show it's an
offering." She does so, the spectral bird swoops down
nibbling bits of cheese and nuts off the ground. "You
can open your eyes."
 She does, and inhales a surprised breath. The
spirit cocks its head at her. "Hungry."  Magpie ignores
me.
 "You can put the rest of the food on the ground."
 She empties her hands.  The bird pecks the food
with quick jerks of it's head.
 Annette whispers, "What now?"
 "Let him enjoy his meal. He'll address you."
 101
 Magpie stirs, flapping  his wings to readjust
his position on the ground while filling his belly.
Finally, the bird caws "Thanks. What now?" The spirit
pauses. "What now?"
 All of his attention is on Annette who in turn
looks to me with a questioning expression painted on
her face.
 "Tell him about the quest.. errr.. our journey."  I
suspect that Magpie's not interested in me because I'm
not playing my Rodekin character.
 "Uhmm..." She fumbles with her words.
 "Just talk, you're doing great."
 "I know!" she snarls.
 Magpie cocks his head, and pecks more cheese
off the ground.  He flicks his head back like he's
catching a wad of popcorn in his mouth. "Doing great."
 Annette says, "I need help. I just became
Rodekin and I don't know about the spirits. I'm also
about to go on an adventure."
 The bird caws, "Hungry."
 "I think he's always hungry. Offer to feed him in
exchange for knowledge."
 "If I bring you food, can you teach me?"
  Magpie hops toward her.  "Good food for good
lessons."
 102
 I say, "He's an omnivore, so  bread and
cheese is okay for today, but next time see if you can
bring some meat. Perhaps a mouse."
 Annette gives me a bemused look. "A rat feeds a
bird a mouse."
 I shrug. "You've been a woman a lot longer than
you've been a rat.  Didn't think it'd bother you."
 "Bring mice."  Magpie flutters his wings, his
avian voice is laced with pleasure. "Where are you
going?"
 Annette says, "I live in Dragonswood. I'm sure I
can find mice there."
 "For the journey, human. Where are you going?"
I could be wrong, but I get the sense that Magpie
reserves the 'human' designation for weres that aren't
well attuned to their animal selves.
 Annette looks to me, as if for permission.
 I prod her forward, "Santa."
 "The North Pole."
 "Cold." Magpie croaks.
 "Ask if he can open a moonwalk for us."
 Confusion enters her gaze. "What's a
moonwalk?"
 "It's how weres quickly travel long distances.
Just ask him."
 103
 "Uhmm.. Do you think you could do a
moonwalk for us?"
 Magpie issues a warning call that sounds like a
toy machine gun.
 "You don't have enough repute yet for him to
agree, but at least you've put the idea in his mind."
 "Repute?" Annette asks.
 "Reputation with the spirits. Feed him, and help
him with whatever he asks for a few days and see if he
changes his mind."
 "I'll have better food later today."
 "Okay."  Magpie issues a bird whistle.  "Bye for
now."  He flies off, soaring over Dragonswood Keep's
wall.
 Looking to Annette I say, "He may come find you
on his own. If he doesn't, do what you did here with
your offering and he should come."
 She nods. "So...  This adventure, when do you
plan on leaving?"
 "After Turkeyshoot.  Be ready to go at the start of
next month. We'll swing by to get you then."
 "What should I do in the meantime?"
 "Put your focus on finding ways to interact with
the spirits. The moonwalk is key, and any of them can
open one. They just have to like you well enough. To
 104
gain their favor, make offerings.  A lot of times
they'll give assistance in exchange for performing tasks
for them. The more they like you, the cheaper their
price. Don't be rude, because they can become enemies
too."
 "Alright..." she trails.
 "I have faith in you. The boys will be fine. You
can teach them that Boar recipe so they don't starve." I
pause a moment, considering. "Actually, I think I'll
make an announcement in the guild to see if anyone's
familiar enough with Freeworld weres to train them. If
there are takers, they may get to go on an adventure of
their own."
 Annette brushes a lock of hair behind her ear,
"That makes me feel a little better."
 "Rat mother, are you?"
 "Little bit, but they won't admit that. Jason in
particular is a pain in the ass.  He's not adapting well to
this place. He wants to go racing, and eat at
restaurants."
 "Racing?" I ask.
 "He was a street racer from the sound of it,
driving Elebikes and Elecruisers."
 105
 "Well, if the technology ever makes its way to
Haven his skills will be in demand. Not too many
driving experts."
 She shrugs.  "We'll figure it out."
 I note the use of the word we instead of he.  It's
good to think they're thinking of themselves as a unit.
"I'll be back in a few days. Until then practice with the
spirits, and do whatever it is you'd normally do to get
ready for a trip. I'll take care of provisions."

 106



Chapter 5 - Turkeyshoot Dinner

 Cupcake Keep's a lot more lively than when we
left. Not only is every place set in the dining hall, but
additional tables have been brought out of storage to
fill the ballroom.  The air smells of pumpkin spice.
Alfred, the keep's caretaker, appears in a his customary
cascade of purple smoke, wearing a tuxedo.  Instead of
a handkerchief in his breast pocket, a fan of small
turkey feathers decorates his suit.
 I raise an eyebrow. "Nice to see you're catching
the spirit."
 Unlike real world Thanksgiving, Turkeyshoot is
a time of feasting, and celebrating the turkey as an
animal, though we adventurers have imported a
tradition of family, which is now to say guild,
 107
togetherness and  gratitude. There's a distinct lack
of Native American and pilgrim imagery, it's all gourds,
autumn colors and turkey feathers in Haven.
 Alfred indicates the seasonal décor with a wave
of his hand, and then leads me into the ballroom which
now has a pair of long bench style tables with dozens of
place settings. There's a small table in Toxic Muffins
purple at the far end of the room reserved for guests of
honor.  "It's a special day."
 I nod. "I think this is the first time I'll see
everyone together since the new recruits."
 Alfred says, "Justice o fficers will also be in
attendance."
 Pehrom bursts into the room wearing his toque
blanche. "Good! You're here.  Dinner starts in twenty
minutes."
 I raise a brow, "Where is everyone?"
 "How the fuck should I know? I've been working
all day making grub."
 Alfred clears his throat. "Most are in their rooms,
a few are outside training, and there four individuals in
the guild bath. Our guests from Justice are currently
outside. Do you wish me to call them?"
 I shake my head no, and look to Pahrem. "Why
don't you send an announcement?"
 108
 "I'm busy over here! Besides, I don't know
how to do it."
 I pull out my VT, and pull up the guild interface,
"I'll show you." In spite of Pehrom's protest of being too
busy for announcements, he eyes my device with
interest. "Tap here for officer tools," Pehrom summons
his own VT and follows my instructions, "Then on this
icon that looks like a megaphone to create an
announcement." An empty text box appears on our
screens. "When you're done just hit send. Try it."
 A burst of text superimposes itself on my vision,
accompanied by a weighty BONG sound.

"DINNER IN 15 MINUTES FUCKERS!"

 "Nice message."  I type a follow up.
 Pehrom shrugs as if to say 'What'd you expect?'
"I do my best."

 BONG.

"Tell Justice and non-guild guests. - M"
 109

 "Is Lilly around? I want to talk to her about the
quest."
 Pehrom nods, "Yeah, she's here."
 I send a message.

Melpomine:  Hey, are you at CK? Can we talk before
dinner?"

SalemLilly:  Sure. About what?

Melpomine: Quest planning. Just want to make sure
we have a balanced party.

SalemLilly: I'll be down in a sec.

 Pehrom disappears into the normal dining room,
which is linked to the kitchen.  From what I glimpse
through the doorway, it's been set up like a buffet,
which makes sense since there are many people and we
don't have a wait staff.
 "I can't wait to eat."
 Alfred, glances about the room. "I'll make sure
our guests know to come." He collapses in a waterfall of
rolling purple clouds, and I stand alone.   I move to the
 110
table reserved for guests of honor, and take a seat
near the middle since the Toxic Muffins are my guild.
An attractive, black haired, red eyed, green skinned
woman with enormous ears enters from the left
wearing a sand colored sweater that hugs her body.
 "Have a seat."
 She takes the spot next to me. "What's up?"
 "So we've got Mirae on heals, Tako on sneaky
stabby DPS, me as tank, and Frobod as melee DPS / off
tank. We've also got an NPC Freeworld wererat coming
along that doesn't have much of a specialization, but
I'm grooming her for heals. What can you do?"
 Lilly says, "I'm a dagger hexer.  Dagger hex
summoner to be exact."
 "... and that is? I think I get the summoning part,
but explain anyway. I mostly played Freeworld before
this."
 "It's basically a cross between mage and rogue.
I've got stealth and some decent melee, along with a
special ability to cast spells using knives rather than
words and wands."
 "So all your magic is nonverbal?"
 "I can cast the old fashioned way, but I get
bonuses when I use my blades. I can also do things like
 111
store spells within my weapon so they release upon
impact."
 "Good to know. What can you summon? We're a
bit light on AoE and crowd control."
 She shrugs, "Like I said, I can still cast the
traditional spells, but they're not my specialty. I've got a
few summons that can get the job done too, demons,
magical animals, you name it. I'm stoked about going to
an unexplored continent.  Hoping to expand my
menagerie."
 "How do you get more summons?"
 "Three ways.  The first, is you buy a scroll that
teaches you how to summon an entity from another
plane of existence. You use it, and when  it arrives you
negotiate terms of service. Next, you can buy an already
captive creature and become it's master. Finally, the
best way in my opinion, is to spare a creature's life in
combat. You draw up a pact when it's at death's door. If
the creature agrees, it lives and you can call on it in the
future. If it doesn't, it'll usually try to kill you before it
takes its last breath."
 "Sounds intense. I take it you're trying to get
some ice creatures."
 She nods, "If they aren't from around here,
they'll be worth big bucks in the market."
 112
 "They're not for yourself?"
 Lilly shakes her head, "They are, some are, but
why waste the opportunity for profit? Best thing about
a pact is  that you can negotiate transfers of
ownership."
 "I guess..." I trail.  "But what about the loot? I
assume if you catch them, they don't drop anything."
 "We call it taming. There's no loot."
 "I'm not wild about the idea of you trying to
tame everything in sight, while taking away everyone
else's drops.  I'm going to ask you to split your profits
with the party."
 "Fifty percent for me, and you can divide the
rest."
 "Really?"
 Indignant, Lilly says, "Hell yeah really, it's my
skill that's bringing in the profit. Fifty percent of the
sale price is way more than whatever vendor trash or
coin they'd normally drop."
 "If the others agree, I'll go along with it, but I'm
going to say no taming mobs you can find around
here."
 "I wouldn't bother with  those anyway. Takes too
much time, and I'm in it to make the big bucks."
 113
 "I'll draw up a contract before we go. If
everyone signs, we're good."
 It's at this moment that  people begin filing in.
Lots of new faces, and I'm surprised to see that only a
few are wearing armor. There are a lot of people like
Frobod who just never removed their gear before we
were stranded but now I'm seeing plain clothes—the
kind of stuff that only Socs, social gamers, would wear
pre-Archangel.
 Mirae enters wearing a brown and orange dress
that clashes with her sea elf green tinted hair,  but it
brings out the gold flecks in her otherwise green eyes.
It's the one physical reminder that she not only
digitized, but is the first player to play an exclusive
subrace—The Undying, which is Freehaven speak for
Mummies.
 I motion her over. She has a spring in her step.
"Hellooooo!"  she  flutters  in a sing-songy voice.
 "You're chipper."
 She says, "It's our first holiday together in my
new life.  There's finally more to Thanksgiving than
watching everyone eat from my wheel chair at the end
of the table, that's always getting in the way of people
who have to step around me.  I haven't felt like this
since I was a kid, and with Pehrom's cooking." She
 114
moans in anticipation. "Real turkey. Do you have
any idea what this means?"
 "I think I can guess."
 Mirae looks to the goblin beside me, and tilts her
head  "Hey Lilly."
 "What's up?"
 Mirae grins, "S'all good!"
 I say,  "We've finally got our party figured out."
 "Oh?" Mirae asks,  "What's the verdict?"
 "It's You, Me, Tako, Frobod, Annette, and Lilly."
 "Alright!" She extends a fist to Lilly, which the
goblin knocks with her own. "Kapow! We're on this.
Annette? You're bringing one of the Rodekin?"
 "They're calling them rage babies over at
Dragonswood Keep, and yeah, it's a quest.  I'm hoping
to teach her the basics of healing magic along the way."
 Mirae shrugs, "I can help with that."
 "I'm sure she'd appreciate your instruction, but I
think the goal of the quest is for me to familiarize her
enough with free-were cosmology that she can begin
learning Rodekin magic herself."
 Mirae shrugs. "Sounds fun."  Though her voice
suggests she could care less. "I'm not into Freeworld
so..."
 115
 Lilly says, "I got nothin', rat magic's all on
you Squeaks."
 I roll my eyes because my Rodekin alt is also
named Lilly, and the goblin has decided that Cupcake
Keep isn't big enough for two Lillys. I look to Mirae.
"Have a seat with us. I don't know what Pehrom had in
mind, but I'm naming you a guest of honor. Besides,
you're an officer."
 "Thanks."
 As more people wander in, they settle into
clusters around the table.  "That's a lot of people."
 "Hell of a battle while you were gone.  For the
most part. we got good people."
 "Sometime you're going to have to tell me about
that."
 Mirae walks around the table and takes her spot
beside me.  The ambient chatter becomes more intense
as guild members, and guests settle in.  A guy in blue
armor with spiked gauntlets approaches. In spite of his
gear he strikes me as business casual with smart parted
hair, and a clean shaven face.
 "You must be Melpomine. I've heard a lot about
you."
 "I am." My voice rises in invitation of an
introduction.
 116
 "I'm Commander Longbean. Guild Master  of
Justice."
 "Longbean, huh? Nice to meet you."
 He fumbles, "There's a story behind it."
 "There always is."
 "Anyway... uh... I've heard good things about
you."
 I find his awkwardness ch arming, so unlike what
I'd expected from the band of white knights that runs
around protecting players from bullies. I smile, to show
that my next words are in jest. "Don't believe
everything you hear. I heard you came to our rescue
while we were in Hades. Thanks for that."
 "It's what we do. When  I saw how few people
you had around here, we had to step in. Yeah, so, your
second said I should talk to you about an Alliance."
 I shake my head and give Mirae a look, before
returning my attention to Longbean. "I assume you're
talking about Pehrom? Our structure isn't so rigidly
defined."
 Still nervous, he says. "I am. Your cook. Such a
miraculous little man."
 "He's got skills, I'll give you that.  For the time
being our leadership consists of me,  Mirae and Pehrom.
They're my officers."
 117
 "Yes, Lady Mirae, we've met. Very exciting."
 "What does an alliance with Justice entail?"
 "Just an agreement to come to each other's aid
in times of need, sharing training facilities, etc. We can
call on each other's members for joint guild runs on
endgame raids, and we'll honor each others hierarchy."
 This reminds me of the next quest chain in our
guild's log that'll require us to destroy Cimmerian, the
otherworldly dragon that tore a hole between the
universes of Haven and Freeworld Online. "That could
be helpful since we've got some big quests coming up
after the holiday event.  Are you a Limited Edition
guild?"
 He shakes his head no, "I wish. Too rich for my
blood. Why?"
 "We've got a major LE Quest to complete that'll
take a lot of manpower."
 "Hey man, or woman, sorry. Dude. Dude's
gender neutral right? Dude.  Hey dude, we're not
looking to hog your glory, but I think a lot of our
members would be interested in coming along just to
see new content.
 I snicker. "Any of those are fine as long as you
don't ask me to make you a sandwich. We've got little
green men for that."
 118
 Longbean stirs awkwardly, "Oh, aliens.
They're good for that."
 Lilly and I share a look. She shrugs.  "Not quite
what I meant, but I'll take your word for it."
 Longbean moves around the far end of the table,
and pulls out a chair. "It looks like this is where all the
officers are sitting."
 Looking out at the dining room I see Pahrem
sitting at the end of one of the big tables for non-
officers,  and Sajina in his gargoyle skin across from her.
 Lilly pokes my bicep to ge t my attention. "Hey, is
Leroy coming?  I'll bet a ton of people want to meet
him."
 I shrug. "He was invited, and I know he likes the
food, but I imagine he's not all that into meet and
greets for the holidays."
 Pehrom comes in from the dining hall with a
boiling pot in one hand and a steel ladle in the other.
CLANG CLANG CLANG CLANG. I feel my eyeballs
rattling in their sockets, but the cacophony does the
trick because everyone quiets.  Another guy I don't
know, presumably Justice, takes a seat at the far end of
our table.
 The goblin drags a stool from the side of the
room and stands on it to give him a little more height.
 119
A few chuckles sound in the crowd. "What you're
gonna make short jokes?" He points the ladle at an
offending giggle. "No soup for you!"  Half the crowd
laughs, and the rest go abruptly silent. "I wanna thank
you all for comin' our first guild Thanksgivin'.  Over hea
we got Mel, our Captain, Guild Masta or whateva. Most
of you've met her.  Mirae, the first person to come back
from a failed digitization. Commander Longbean from
Justice who helped us defend this place so we ain't got
massive repairs."
 Scattered applause. The goblin looks to
Longbean and says, "Saved my ass man, so thanks."
 "Happy to help, and protect those in need."
 Regarding the rest of the crowd again, Pahrem
continues "And last, but not least, Lilly, my beautiful
loud ass wife."
 Lilly says, "Who ya callin' loud ass Mr. Perfect?  I
ain't got nothing against Justice, but if I had a quarter
for every time you messed something up in the
interface."
 "You'd have twenty five fuckin' cents!" Laughter
sweeps through the crowd, most well accustomed to the
married couples public bickering. He then notices Tako
sitting at one of the common tables, and says, "The fuck
 120
you doin' over there? Get up here and sit next to
your lady."
 All eyes on Tako, he stands a bit off guard. "Oh,
okay." He comes forward.
 "So, enjoy your food. Buffet's in the dining room,
and have a fantastic fuckin' Thanksgiving."




 121



Chapter 6 - Moonwalk

 The next few days pass in a flurry of bloated post
Thanksgiving contentment as I prepare travel rations
for our arctic journey.  It's the first day of December,
and as if by magic the entire city is covered in Winter
Festival splendor. Multicolored fairy lights outline
rooftops, and sparkle from evergreen branches to give
Durolan a festive, holiday cheer.  My favorite pond for
contemplation and remembering my brother has frozen
over, and opened for Havenfolk and skate minded PCs
to go ice skating.  To my surprise, Lilly's spent most of
the morning there.
 I'm hobbling on a pair of skates like a noob
trying not to fall flat on my face.  It's only by the grace
of my massive dexterity rating that I'm not eating ice.
 122
Lilly by contrast,  jumps and spins in the air. She
lands on the surface of the pond with barely a whisper
of sound, whereas each one of my strokes reminds me
of  the earth shaking steps of Turkakodzilla.

You have gained the skill Skating (General).
Current level: 1

 "Jeeze. How long have you been doing this?"
 Lilly smiles, and launches into a fast spin that
makes me dizzy just watching it. She stops, looking not
at all dizzy.  "Since I was four."
 "Ha ha. Very funny."
 "I'm serious."
 I roll my eyes. "The game hasn't been out that
long."
 "Well yeah, but I'm countin' in Meatsville. You
watch the Olympics? You probably know me."
 I feel a skeptical look twist my face, "You're
trying to tell me you're Alice Cheon?"
 "Different Olympics, I ain't as young as I was
before."
  "I can't tell if you're  messing with me. You're
telling me we have an honest to god Olympian in our
guild."
 123
 "Yup. Think hard. You'll figure it out, or ya
can just ask Alfred."
  Lilly... Lilly.. Lilly... I'm trying to place the name
in the context of figure skating, but the answer is
evading me.  Nevertheless there's something there.
Lilly... OMG! "Lilly Sutherland!"
 The goblin winks at me, and says "Give the lady
a cigar!" before  putting on a burst of speed toward the
other end of the lake where not many people are
skating,  she does a double axel, immediately followed
by a triple toe loop before gliding back toward me.
"Best thing about Freehaven skating is that the ice is
always pristine. That and being able to shrug off the
effects of old age."
 "Are you serious? I used to watch you.  You can't
be that old."
 Looking indignant, she says "What. you callin'
me a liar or somethin'? After thirty it's pretty damn
hard to qualify for the Olympics. You age out faster
than modeling."
 "Your voice is different."
 "Fuckin' voice filters,  or did you think I sound
like a gobo on all my alts?"
 "I guess not.  I'm just letting it all sink in.  Can't
you still compete outside of the Olympics?"
 124
 "I can, and do sometimes, but it's not as
satasfyin'.  Once you've stood on top of that mountain
that ever athlete aspires to, everythin' else is just a
shadow of your former self."
 "That's depressing."
 She waves her hand dismissi vely, "It ain't so bad.
I still love to skate, and in here I can live up to my
former glory. Got an alt in a Figure Skatin' guild."
 "They have guilds for that?"
 "Damn right. Gotta weed out the people that
don't know shit about skatin' in real life. Nothin' worse
than losin' to people that neva set foot on real ice, and
just spent a bunch of hours grindin' the skill. We ask
questions that people would only know if they've hung
out at the rink, or trained under a coach that Haven
Online never teaches if you just level your skill by
skatin' around all day."
 "Does it make a difference in the game?"
 "It's like playin' music or paintin'.  You can use
your own technique from Meatsville, but if your real life
ability is better than your stats, the engine will fuck it
all up and make you fall on your ass. If you just have
the skill howeva, all you got to do is program a macro to
initiate different jumps."
 125
 "This is a whole side of the game I didn't
know existed. I mean, I knew we could skate, but I
didn't know there were people who signed in just to
skate, and build communities around it."
 "I guess you'd call what we do a subcategory of
social gamin', since we're not all out killin' shit."
 "I'm heading back to CK to double check
everything before we go. You want to stay a little longer,
or come with me?"
 She stares at the ice longingly, and sighs. "I'll go.
This place is crawlin' with amateurs."
 We ride back to Cupcake Keep on a pair of
elemental powered motorcycles called elechoppers in
the style of 1960s Harleys. I'm riding Big Red, a bike
with a fire spirit swirling around what would ordinarily
be the gas tank, and Lilly's on the waterchopper, which
has a water spirit in the same spot.
 They can also fly due to them being special
developer's editions, which clone the stats of other
mounts.  It's a perk of being the chick that made them,
back when I was VWI employee, and we still lived in
Meatsville. At other times of the year, her bike drips
tiny droplets of water onto the earth below. but now
that it's December, snow flurries dance in her wake.
The cold air above the city reacts to the tongue of flame
 126
licking out my exhaust with a billow of steam that's
absent in the warmer months.
 Forty-five minutes later, our bags are packed,
and all but one of our group is waiting on the draw
bridge in front of Cupcake Keep.
 Tako straddles a wind elechopper, "How much
food?"
 "Same as last time, but it's less important since
we don't have to worry about avoiding food in the
North Pole."
 Mirae pulls a sack of brown liquid from her
inventory.  "Merry Christmas."
 I inspect it, but like most of Pehrom's creations
there are no properties listed. "What is it?"
 "An early gift from Pehrom."
 Tako echoes, "What is it?"
 Mirae grins. "Goblin BBQ!"
 Lilly looks genuinely shocked, "No way! He
figured out the sauce? The hubby's been holding out on
me!"
 Frobod, our death knight in black Deadplate
straddling a black etherchopper,  says "If we kill
something, we can cook the meat on a fire and it'll still
taste good."
 127
 Tako kisses Mirae's cheek. "I love you...r
husband!"  and then turns his gaze to Lilly.
 "You can look but no touchin'. That dope is all
mine."
 It's at that moment that  Pehrom exit's the keep
and survey's the party.  "I see you got the sauce."
 Frobod nods, "Thanks man.  It'll make being
away a lot more comfortable, even if we end up eating
BBQ every night."
 Pehrom looks to his wife and says, "Sorry again I
ain't goin'. "  He walks closer, and then kisses her on
the mouth, a far more tender gesture than I'd have
expected from him. "Get out there and kick some ass
for me.  I'll be here when ya get back."
 She puts her arms around him, and bites the
little spot where his neck becomes his shoulder, and
says "I love you Rob,  but don't go starting anymore
wars till I get back."
 "Get outta here. I ain't gonna burn down the
joint." He looks to me. "Send a message when you
complete this fucker. Ai'ight? If someone around here
comes up with anything that'll help you, I'll pass it
along."
 Mirae surveys the group. "Is Annette coming
here or..."
 128
 "Next stop's Dragonswood Forest.  She'll be
waiting."
 The air is cool on our faces on the way to
Dragonswood, and as we cross into different zones on
the map, snow accumulates in the trees. There are
tracks in the snow where rabbits, foxes, and other
creatures have left their prints.  I should be shivering,
but the game preserves our comfort by making the
environment brisk, but not bone biting cold since not
many people would be happy about having to farm
entirely new sets of gear for different seasons.  I like to
think of it as a magical property of any equipment with
bonus stats, because the world certainly does feel cold
when you remove all your gear.
 I dip beneath the trees of Dragonswood Forest,
at the mouth of the Ravine leading to Annette's cottage.
"We're here."
 Frobod surveys the environment, "Do you want
us to come?"
 "It's a small place, so it'll probably be better if I
get her on my own."
 I move down the path. My feet crunch on frosty
twigs, and chilled forest debris. I don't even have to
open the gate because the door of the cottage swings
open, and  Annette waves in greeting.  She's covered
 129
from head to toe in ruddy fur garments, with a
leather backpack on her back. Even on quests, NPCs
dress seasonally.
 "You look warm."
 "I am."  She eyes my leathers skeptically, "Not
sure I can say the same for you. Am I missing
something?"
 "Magic."
 "Ahhhh, magic." Her tone that leaves me
wondering if she's mocking my statement. "There's a lot
of that here."
 "That there is. Are you ready?"
 "I am."
 "How are the spirits?"
 "Good..."  She trails.
 "Is Magpie going to help us?"
 "I think he will."
 A bird caws overhead. Black wings flutter, and a
Magpie swoops down to Annette's shoulder. It has a
ghostly aura, that indicates that he's a spirit rather than
an ordinary bird. "Hello." It cocks its head.  "Hello."
 "Hello." I greet the bird, wondering if it
recognizes anything of my Rodekin alt. "The rest of the
party is on the main road."
 130
 "Earlier this week I had to rescue a fledgling
magpie that'd fallen out of its nest. That was the cost of
the moonwalk."
 "Where is it now?"
 She motions back to the cabin, "James is taking
care of him.  He knows how and what to feed it."
 I nod.  "Good. That'll he lp his Repute." She gives
me an inquiring look. "Ahh.. If he does that, avian
spirits, especially Magpie will like him more, and be
more likely to help out in the future."
 "Well that's good. I don't want to be the only one
neck deep in the mystic woo-woo."
 We approach everyone on the elechoppers.
"You've all got to learn. I just thought you'd be the best
student."
 Everyone greets our final party member in a
chorus of "Heys," "Hello agains." and "Sups?"
 Annette looks to me with a question smeared
across her face, "I'm not sure if I should have said this
sooner but, I'm Jewish. Is that okay?"
 Frobod shifts on his bike, "What difference does
that make?"
 "You know.. Christmas, Santa Claus. Can I still
do Santa? Wasn't sure if there was some kind of
religious exclusion."
 131
 Lilly says, "Yer in Haven now kid, there ain't
no Santa. We got Winterfest and Great Uncle Winter."
 Tako pulls a red Santa hat from his inventory
and places it on his head. "I don't care what you say.
Great Uncle Winter is Santa."
 Annette looks to me for clarification.  "If it helps,
we're progressive Jews. We still did Santa back home.
We'd put out the menorah, some 'Ho ho ho!' cookies,  and
a pile of joints with a card that said 'Dear Santa, Have a
happy Hanukkah and smoke our marijuanaka." with
the hope he'd leave some presents.
 Tako perks up. "Did it work?"
 With Satan's spinach long decriminalized, the
stigma associated with smoking pot has long since
evaporated.
 Annette grins, "Every year."
 Tako regards me, "Can we keep her? Are all
Freeworld NPCs this cool?" Mirae gives him a look.
"Not like that." He blows his girlfriend a kiss.
 She humphs, but the tone is cute rather than put
upon. "It better not be."
 I give Annette a reassuring pat on the forearm.
"You're fine."
 Lilly says, "So what do we gotta do?
 I give the Rodekin a look, "Annette?"
 132
 The bird on her shoulder says, "Hungry?" in
a voice that sounds more hopeful than demanding.
 Annette pat's Magpie's head. "You're always
hungry." She squats down, and scatters a fist full of
nuts onto the road.  The corvid happily bounces off her
shoulder, on to the ground, ruffling his feathers as he
descends. He happily pecks up bits of the offering as
the group observes.
 "I don't get it. How's watchin' a bird eat gonna
help us get to the North Pole? I thought you said
Squeks Jr. had it worked out."
 "Relax, she does. It's all part of the process."
 Annette regards the Goblin, "Actually, I think
he's just greedy, but a happy Magpie won't hurt under
the circumstances."
 "If you say so." I look to Annette. "Now might be
a good time to bring up the moonwalk."
 She watches Magpie peck up a few more nuts,
before starting. "About the moonwalk.  We need to go
to the North Pole now."
 Magpie ignores her while he finishes the rest of
his nuts.
 Tako asks, "Is he listening?"
 I shush him. "Just wait..."
 133
 Magpie looks up, and mimics the sound of a
big, powerful, smelly burp.
 "What have you been teaching him?"
 Annette facepalms. "That's all Jason."
 The bird shuffles, and cocks his head.
"Moonwalk."
 "Yes." I suddenly remember that the bird isn't
interested in talking to me, so I gesture to Annette to
continue the conversation.
 "Yes."  She repeats.
 Magpie cocks his head, "Go now?"
 "I think so."  Annette looks to us for
confirmation, and several of us nod.
 "The price is accepted, the favor repaid."
 It's mid morning, and darkness engulfs us like a
solar eclipse.  A bright path, a pillar of moonlight
pierces the murk in the far distance, and the ground
beneath our feet illuminates in an ethereal catwalk.
The air is no longer cold.
 "Everyone go.  Keep riding towards the light.
Annette, you can ride with me."   I straddle big read,
and the Rodekin sits behind me.
 "Whoa..."  Tako takes in the change in scenery.
 Lilly looks to the side, no doubt noting how the
trees of Dragonswood Forrest grow faint and menacing.
 134
"Do I even want to know what happens if we stray
off the path?"
 "Probably not."
 Frobod revs his Engine, and is the first to
advance along the path.  In mere seconds the figments
of trees become castles, and heartbeats later they're
mountains, then a village as splotches of dark color in
an impressionistic painting. With every foot we
advance, the world beyond the light path twists into
new forms.
 Annette grips me tighter. "It's chaotic."
 I look back over my shoulder. "The spirit world
often is. In time you'll be able to come here at will,
without the aid of a spirit."
 "I can open my own moonwalk?"
 "No, but you can physically enter the Astral
Plane like a ghost."
 "You mean back to Hades?"
 I shake my head no.  "The spirit worlds are
layered on top of each other.  The Astral Plane is like...
A dimension sandwiched between Hades and the
physical world. You can drop in and out of it once you
learn, and peer into the real world. It's good for
reconnaissance and stealth."
 "I've got a lot to learn about being Rodekin."
 135
 "All weres can do it."
 The darkness surrounding us grows lighter as we
near our destination.  The moon beam at the end of the
path makes everything lighter by comparison to when
we started and before long we're riding over oceans and
ice as if the moonwalk were a glass bridge connecting
our start and finish. I squint as the light stabs brighter.
Cold air fills my lungs, and delivers brisk nips to my
cheeks.
 As I ride off the moonwalk, the last of our group,
the darkness to either side fades.  Magpie screeches,
flaps his wings, and disappears like a specter.  White
puffs of condensation rise from our mouths, as Lilly
says, "It's cold here."
 "It's the Arctic."
 While it's not quite as col d as the real Arctic, this
terrain definitely has more bite than Durolan. It's like
running around outside without a hat on a properly
snowy day.
 Frobod shields the sun wi th his hands, and looks
into the distance. "We're here, so now what?"
 "Look for civilization.  Anything that looks
manmade... a sign... tracks... Anything."

 136
 I take the moment to re-read the quest that
brought us here.

 137
Quest
Winter Dungeonland - Part 1
Difficulty:  Hard

You have found a child's toy with the mark of the
reclusive San'ta Elves of the North Pole.
Somewhere in the North, someone is looking for
this childhood treasure. Find its owner, and
discover how this dolly came to be in Hades.

Objectives:
Returned dolly    0/1
Discover origins of dolly   0/1

Chain Completion Rewards (Choose One):
- A unique evolving weapon (Legendary Potential)
- A unique evolving chest piece (Legendary
Potential)
- A unique evolving helm (Legendary Potential)
- A unique evolving spell (Legendary Potential)
- Logout re-enabled
 138

Additional Rewards (Limited Edition) (Choose One):
- Unlock Rebirthing as Ke'bla Elf
- Unlock Rebirthing as San'ta Elf
- Unlock Rebirthing as Kel'rog Elf

Restrictions:
Can only be completed in December.
Max party size: 5
This quest can be shared if you have five or less
people in your party.

Do you accept?  Yes / No

 Tako places his hands on his hips, and stands
like he's admiring his own masterwork sculpture. "Am I
the only one that expected candy cane trees, and giant
gingerbread houses?"
 Mirae snickers. "Isn't that Hansel and Gretel?"
 I shudder, "That's one fairy tale we don't want to
be caught up in."
 Tako considers with his hand on his chin. "Oh
yeah. For some reason I thought they looked the same."
 Lilly looks to the east, and slowly turns her head
west. "Not to be a downer, but I don't see shit."
 139
 Mirae smiles. "Oh, come on. We just got here.
We haven't even walked yet."
 "Yeah."  Tako reinforces. "...but right now all I
see is snow and ice."
 Frobod looks back to me.  "I don't even see
mobs."
 "I get it, everyone.  It's a desolate map. Buff up
just in case we run into something. After that, mount
up and follow me. Worst case scenario I'll switch to my
Rodekin alias, and use the seeking stone." I look to
Annette. "Better yet, I'll teach her how to make a
seeking stone."
 Annette asks, "What's a seeking stone?"
 "It's part of a rite that allows you to find a person
or object. It requires more bargaining with spirits."
 "Buff up, if you need to."
 I wipe my hands together, to trigger the macro
that triggers a whistling wind sound effect, followed by
the thump-bum, thump-bump of a heartbeat.

Enhanced Dexterity.
Dexterity increased by 10%.
Duration: 60 minutes remaining.

Enhanced Vitality.
 140

Regeneration Increased by 10%.
Duration: 60 minutes remaining.

 It doesn't take long for me to equip Bite, and
push myself through the motions required to cast my
Flow Like Water defense. I feel a chill as the spell takes
hold, and the cold forces of Yin energy, permeate my
body causing it to take on the difficult to grasp qualities
of water.

Flow Like Water (10)
Duration: 30 minutes remaining.

 Mirae chants, "Re'amus gri atu protectus." and
etches a mark into a small... Soap? carving.
 I raise a brow. "What's that?"
 "It's for you." She threads a string through the
figurine and hands it for me. "It's for tank and heals,
but I don't need it because I'm undying."
 I pull up the properties in my VT.
 141

Effigy of Protection (Temporary)
Heku Magic (Level 1)
Duration: 12 Hours
Description:
This carving looks a bit like you.

 "The description's ominous. Should I be afraid?"
 Mirae wears a confused expression, "You can't
see what it does?"
 "It just says that it looks like me."
 "Huh.  Maybe it's because you don't have access
to Heku Magic."
 "What does it do?"
 "It's a weaker version of Aegis, good for one hit.
The next time you take damage that would reduce you
to zero health, you go down to one instead."
 "Thanks."  I put the trinket around my neck.
"Let's hope I don't need it."
 "Always better to be prepared."
 Frobod says, "What's the plan?"
 Lilly dismounts.  "I want to walk. Better chance
to pick up agro."
 Tako groans. "Are you serious? That'll take
forever."
 142
 "She's a summoner and wants to catch new
creatures. Which reminds me..." I pull the contract I
prepared after Thanksgiving dinner out of my inventory,
"I've got a party contract for you all about her abilities.
If you agree, make your mark."
 I pass it to Frobod. "Sounds fair to me. Fifty
percent of the sale price is way more than we'd get from
just picking up loot."
 He makes his mark and passes it to Tako, who
reads over it and makes his mark.  "I'd be pissed if this
caused us to miss a random epic item, but I guess we'll
never know."
 Mirae signs, and hands the document back to me.
I'm about to put it back into inventory when Annette
says, "What about me?"
 "I... err... Okay." I pass her the paper. It hadn't
occurred to me that an NPC would want any part of the
loot.  She touches her finger to the bottom line. A mark
appears in the way of red Xs on maps when you ask a
guard for directions.
 143

You are bound by the terms of this agreement.
You have received: Signed contract.

 "It's done then. Ya could have trusted me, but I
promise this is gonna make us all a lot richer."
 "It's not that we don't trust you..."
 Frobod shrugs, "I like magic contract escrow for
automatic distribution.  Less running around. As soon
as you make the sale, all of our coin pouches get
heavier."
 "What he said." I echo. "Now that that's done,
we're flying."
 "Oh, c'mon.  There could be anything out there!"
 "We're flying for extra speed, but about six feet
off the ground.  That way, if we see an interesting
creature, we can engage and you'll have a chance to
catch it. Sound fair?"
 Frobod says, "Sounds good to me, as long as
we've got speed. I want to get this quest over with."
 "Relax. It's the first day. We've got all month."
 "Well yeah, but I want to see my daughter. Get
out soon enough, and I can even do some Christmas
shopping. Make up for that lost birthday party, you
know?"
 144
 "Yeah..." I trail, his passion shuts me up a
moment because I get where he's coming from. Being
antisocial in Meatsville sometimes makes me forget
that others have important people to get back to. I feel
awkward as I say, "You'll see her. I promise."
 Lilly says, "I ain't against going back, but I for
one am glad to draw it out a bit.  Who's got time for
holiday bullshit, when you can come back just in the
nick of time and everyone's so happy to see you that
they forget that you haven't had time to do Christmas
shopping, put up a tree, or prepare a roast."
 Tako has genuine surprise in his voice, "Your
husband makes you cook? Pehrom's a god in the
kitchen."
 "He didn't tell you? He can't cook anymore after
a scuba accident."
 Tako slaps his forehead  with the palm of his
hand, "Fail.  He told us but I totally forgot since he's
always in the kitchen."
 Mirae smiles and hugs his arm.  "I'm sure he
appreciates that."
 Frobod says, "Isn't it intimidating cooking for a
real chef?"
 "It ain't a problem.  I got a good teacher."
 "Alright everyone mount up.  I'll take point."
 145
 Lilly hops on her bi ke behind me. Annette
starts to resume her position. "Wait. Do you mind
riding with Mirae? I'll be in the middle of any fighting,
and I still don't know what you can do. "
 Mirae gives Annette a welcoming smile. "I'm on
heals, so I can teach you something."
 "Fine with me." Annette gets on the back of
Mirae's bike, "I trust you."
 "Move out."
 I lift off the ground, and advance at our bike's
impressive 600% ground speed.  The wind makes my
cheeks feel tender. The reflection of the snow beneath
our flying wheels is uncannily bright as it reflects the
sun.
 I switch to speaking in party chat, so we don't
have to scream over the wind in our ears. Everyone else
hears my words as if they were wearing headphones.
"See anything?"
 "Nothin' to tame if that's what your askin'."
 Frobod motions with his gauntleted hand. "Just
the same mountain in the distance that you can see."
 "That's as good a point of reference as any. Keep
going."
 "Is it me, or does it feel like we're moving faster
when we're flying so close to the ground?"
 146
 I look over my shoulder at Tako, "It always
feels like that."
 Even though there's no contact with the ground,
our passage whips up snow powder cyclones beneath us.
It's rather pretty.
 Mirae says,  "On the bright side, we're not
leaving tracks for anyone to follow."
 Lilly responds, "Sounds like an argument for
going back on the ground. I want to tame something."
 I look to the goblin, "Cool it, there'll be plenty
of... " My stomach jumps  as the ground suddenly
disappears beneath me.  Instead of six feet above the
surface, We now a good sixty feet up. "Whoa!"
 No other exclamations, but Frobod's kind
enough to slow  his pace. "You okay?"
 "Sorry I wasn't looking ahead and this pit caught
me totally by surprise. It just sort of jumped into my
vision."
 "I didn't notice either until we were going over.
All the snow makes it hard to distinguish the
landscape."
 Mirae cups a hand to her ear, "Do you hear
that?"
 Frobod shrugs. "Don't look at me. I'm only
human."
 147
 I try to focus. Mirae's full elven ears are
superior to Tako's and  my own half elven ones,  but...
yes...  There's something.   Faint, but an undeniable
crash crash crash.  "I hear it too... Farther into the
chasm around the bend. Let's go down. Be ready to pull
back up in case of an avalanche."
 We descend far enough that the sun no longer
hammers against my face, but we're still a good fifteen
feet off the ground. The steep icy walls provide shade.
 "Be gone abominations!" A woman's voice.
SNAP! CRASH! CRASH! "Be ready for incoming."
 Completely ignoring my original plan, I drop to
the chasm floor, dismount and clinch Bite ready for an
attack.  Thankfully the ground is rocky rather than icy. I
run around the corner, and see a young woman with
white hair,  in an ethereal blue gown waving her hands
in intricate patterns of spellwork. Her back's to me, and
to the rest of the party. She jerks her hand, giant icicles
drop from the sky above shattering against the earth.
 Lilly says, "What's she attacking?"
 I don't know.  I look over my shoulder to see that
the entire party's joined me.
 The woman calls, "I will not stand for this!" She
throws her right hand forward, and back again like the
end of a whip. A blast of bright blue cold energy
 148
explodes against a large furry creature. No signs of
motion.
 Mirae calls, "Hey, are you okay?"
 I check the woman's name plate.
 149

Winter
Type:                        NPC
Race:                Elemental Spirit
Appearance:             21
Challenge:              ?????

 Winter breathes heavily. "Thank Frost,
adventurers! You're just in time. I'm quite tired, so
early in the season.  It's not right..."
 Frobod shouts, "Incoming!"
 Farther down the chasm, a horde of furry bodies
charges straight at us.  They are an odd mix of man
and... beaver, wide paddle tails, only instead of cute
buck teeth, each one sports Nosferatu fangs. Their eyes
burn with azure coldfire, and small icicles dangle from
red and brown fur.

Corrupted Kryobeaver
Type:                        NPC
Race:                      Beastkin
Appearance:              1
Challenge:                ??

 150
 Winter groans, "There's no end to them!
Quick, engage so I can recover and finish them once
and for all."
 "All in! Tank and spank until we know otherwise!
Give me five seconds from first hit to grab agro."

Shadow Step (Rank 5) - Failure.
Caliber of Success: 0

 What the shit?  I've never failed a Shadow Step
before. I sigh and rush in the old fashioned way, fast
footsteps on stone, with Bite sparking and crackling
with electricity in my hands.
 I come in with a low stri ke that smashes against
the first creature's skull, wires of electricity reach out,
and spider over the creatures neighbors, taunting
everything in their path, so that all their attention is on
me. They're small enough that I can leap over their
heads with a running start. I do a back walkover to put
some distance between myself and the attackers, and
do just that, vaulting into the air, and soaring over their
furry heads. I'm now behind them.
 A cluster of three Kryobeavers seem to have
been outside the area of effe ct radius of Bite's taunt,
 151
because their running for Mirae. I rush in for
another hit to ensure their attention is mine. CRUNCH!

CRITICAL HIT!
You hit Corrupted Kryobe aver for 23 points of
damage.
You have Killed Corrupted Kryobeaver.

 The creature doesn't have  time to squeal before
it's a red smear against the frigid Earth. Its companions
don't seem to care about their fallen, as they trample
the body to get to me. I back  toward the nearest wall so
I can't be taken by surprise by any adds.
 "All in!" I begin the incantation for my newest
Paladin spell. , "Lord Sune, God of Lightning, God of
Travel,  hear my call and consecrate this land."

Cast Circle of Blessings (Rank 2) - Success!

 It's hard to see from where I'm standing, but I
know whiskers of holy and el ectric energy are reaching
up from the ground to periodically sting my opponents,
and keep their violence directed at me.
 I go full defensive until I know what we're
dealing with. As a dexterity based tank in leather armor,
 152
my primary job, aside from keeping the mobs'
attention is to not get hit since I lack the benefit of plate
armor.
 A furry clawed hand swings at my face, well,
reaches for my chin since they are so much shorter. I
dip out of the way. Another Kryobeaver with a blue
glowing dagger goes for my stomach, but I step back
just in time.  I duck out of the way of a thrown hunk of
ice, waiting for the sound Winter's frost magic and
heavy DPS engagement.
 A little 3 in the top right corner of my vision tells
me that I've dodge three times, when it gets up to five,
if one of my opponents ever hits me, a magical blast
will rebound on my attacker. It's like rubbing your
socks on the carpet and building up static to shock
someone with your finger.
 Frobod crashes into the beavers' flank, swinging
his greatsword wildly.  A squishy grating sound paints
his blade in red. Tako doesn't fail his Shadow Step, and
appears at the other side of the crowd needling the
beavers from behind.   Aside from heals, Lilly's the only
one not directly engaged, though she has two knives,
one in each hand. The one on the right glows with hot
yellow energy.
 153
 I duck out of the way of another hunk of ice
thrown by one of the rearmost man-beavers,  spin Bite,
and smash it into the creature closest to me. It releases
a high pitched "Ugggghhhhh!" sounds, but doesn't fall
like my first target.  That's fine, because damage isn't
my primary objective as spidery lightning hops from his
body, into a trio of his friends, and all of their friends.
 Taunt successful.
 Lilly slashes down with the glowing weapon,
cutting a black rip in the air in front of her.  A big, red,
gnarled hand grips the edge of the rip like a monster
coming out of a tent.  A warped head with blood
colored skin, goat horns and eyes of sunset peeks out.
"Go get em' stony!"

Stone Throwing Devil
Type:               NPC (Summoned)
Race:                      Devil
Appearance:              1
Challenge:            Difficult

 The monster grunts, and pulls itself out of the
goblin's rip in the air as though an unseen being was
giving birth. It stands a frightening seven feet tall. "I've
got a rock."
 154
   Lilly indicates the Kryobeavers  with the tip
of her knife, and rushes in for the attack. "Assist!"
 "Okay."  The devil pull s his hand back like a
Mariners' pitcher, and sends a stone the size of a melon
flying. A splatter of red tickles the swarm of enemies, as
his target loses it's face and moves no more. The devil
reaches down into the earth with his bare hand. The
stone cracks and shrieks in protest. "I've got a rock." He
doesn't need additional instruction, as he readies to
chuck another stone.
 I'm pretty sure it's all just melee at this point, so
I become more aggressive stepping toward the
Kryobeavers, swinging Bite around the outside of my
body, and bringing my left hand in to deliver a hard low
blow to my nearest opponent.   CRUNCH.
 I think I broke something. More electric spiders
crawl over the mobs.  A dagger wielding foe comes in to
cut me, I parry, and counterattack sending another
wave of electricity through the group.
 Another splash of red and a pained death cry
tells me that Frobod's finished off another target. I
spare a glance toward Winter having expected ice based
attacks,  but she's standing in an orb of magical cold
energy with her hair flying around her. I guess we're
supposed to do this on our own.
 155
 WHAM!
 I collapse another Kryobeaver under the massive
force of my staff.  A wave of heat rolls over me, as Lilly
stabs one of the monsters with her dagger causing it to
catch fire. It's still burning, and  it shrieks.  Damage
over time magic.
 "We've got this. Keep doing what you're doing!"
Two opponents strike in unison, and I'm able to evade
with a quick step back. The dodge counter on my boots
is now maxed to five, and has been for a while.
 One of the Kryobeavers with the glowing blue
knives comes in for a strike and connects. An arc of
electricity leaps from the soles of my boots into him
shaving off a sliver of its health. It yelps in pain.
Although my flesh twists and reshapes around the
blade as it enters to negate the damage with my Flow
Like Water defense, my vision goes blue, and sound
becomes muffled.  What the hell?  I can't move, and I'm
cold enough to shiver. A new debuff appears in the
corner of my vision.
 156

Frozen
Duration: 20 seconds remaining.

  Hell! What kind of immobility debuff lasts for
20 seconds in combat?
 That's like a century in battle time. I can see
everyone moving and fighting around me, but I can't
speak or move. Another stone collides with a
Kryobeaver lifting it off its feet, and knocking down one
of its fellows. It doesn't move, but it's companion
struggles to it's feet just in time for  Tako to appear
behind and cut its throat. Mirae, standing near Winter
with Annette, has also joined the battle, losing arrows
in streaks of green magic into the monsters.
 Lily makes a gesture that consists of three jerks
of her hand using a blade, and a giant fireball comes
flying at me. Shit! What the? I'm getting flashes of
Laurelade's friendly fire all over again, only instead of
taking damage the bitter cold of the frozen debuff, is
replaced with the warmth of a hearth fire.  My clothes
feel a little wet but I've taken no damage and my vision
is no longer tinted blue. I can move.
 "Thanks!"
 157
 We're now down to three kryobeavers.
Frobod decapitates one with his great sword, sending a
whip of crimson through the air.  Make that two.
 "You can thank me by lettin' me catch one of
em'!"
 "You heard her!" I dodge out of the way of
another dagger attack. My dodge counter rises to 1.
"Drop one and leave the other."
 Lilly's dagger pulses wi th malignant red energy,
as she sinks it into the back of the opponent that just
tried to stab me.  Black veins streak over his body.  It's
eyes bulge. A punished, "Uhhh!" and the kryobeaver
explodes in a shower of liquid rust.  Somehow, none of
the gore ends up on my face.  The weapon's glow fades
after the attack.
 Just one more. "What do you need me to do?"
 "Keep dodgin' till it stops fighting and focuses on
me. First we gotta lower it's health to less than 20%."
 Kryobeaver Health: 40%.
 "I've got a rock."
 A stone smashes into the creature's torso
reducing it's health to 10 percent and knocking it off its
feet.  The creature looks dazed.
 "Awesome! You go stony!" She regards me and
says, "I'll take it from here."  The goblin sheathes one of
 158
her daggers, and reaches for a pouch that's been
dangling at her belt. She pours the contents, a black
powder, into her knobby hand and then throws it over
her head.  Instead of  the dust flying about randomly it
settles on the earth in a perfect circle encasing a twelve
pointed star.   The goblin stands at one end, and the
kryobeaver hunches at the other. The lines of the
design glimmer with red and gold magic.
 I'd expected some kind of conversation, but a
streamer of grey smoky energy connects Lilly's
forehead to that of the beaver-man. She makes
conversational motions with her hands, but it shakes its
head no. She makes more gestures without words,
though I can imagine her pointing out the benefits of a
pact.   The creature's shoulders slump.
 CRACK.  The earth protes ts to my right, as the
devil reaches its fist into the ground. "I've got a rock."
 I shout, "Don't do that!" but it's too late. An
earthen missile collides with the kryobeaver's breast.
The binding circle vanishes.
 "Oh my God, I almost ha d him!  I told you to
assist!"
 "I assisted." He sounds pouty.
 "Ya don't attack when I have a circle out. Ya
wanna go home early?"
 159
 The Stone Throwing Devil hangs his head.
"No."
 The pitiful scolded voice coming from such a
massive body makes me laugh. Frightful as his
appearance may seem, the devil's voice is more like a
teddy bear.
 "Now we ain't got no more ice beavers."
 Tako says, "Kryobeavers."
 "Whateva!"
   Frobod begins gathering loot as the creatures
despawn leaving small chests and coin purses in their
wake.  "What's done is done.  There'll be more
monsters later."
 "Anything good?" A few silver are added to
everyone's inventory.
 "Common armor. Nothing magical. We can split
the vendor items up when we get back."
 Lilly says, "If this were realistic, we'd be able to
take one of those ice daggers they used to freeze Mel."
 "That'd be too easy. I'm happy with this  level of
realism."
 BOOM. BOOM. BOOM. Massive footsteps.
BOOM. BOOM. BOOM.
 "Incoming! Here we go again!" The lumbering
form of a thirty foot tall giant rounds the bend further
 160
up the chasm.  I look to Winter.  She's still
recovering in her bubble of magic.  Unlike most giants,
this appears to be a creature of ice rather than flesh and
blood.  "Use fire if you have it!"
 I unleash a loud whistle, and spin Bite around
my body.  "Over here!"

Taunt. Successful.
Behemoth Frostlord attacks.

 CRACK. THUMP. BOOM. BOOM. BOOM.
 The ground shakes as it runs at me.  Mirae
looses a green arrow that chips away some of it's body,
but doesn't slow the Frostlord. Lilly weaves an intricate
pattern with her daggers, which grow redder and hotter
with every stroke, before launching a blast of fire like a
jack-o-lantern at our attacker.
 "Worry not allies. I've almost enough power.
Just a little bit... "
 The last word is drowned out by the sound of an
icy fist crashing into my body, and obliterating the last
of my Flow Like Water defense.   My flesh can't reshape
around it all, and my health drops by thirty percent.
 "Oof!" On top of that, there's knockback, as I
slam into the chasm wall, I'm dazed for a few seconds
 161
as a wave of dizziness comes over me.  I snap out of
it just in time to roll out of the way of an enormous ice
encrusted foot.
 Frobod's launching black necrobolts at range
rather than attacking with his greatsword, and even
Tako's switched to a bow. Probably a good thing, since
giant monsters usually have some kind of ground
stomp AoE. Little bits of ice tumble off the frostlord's
body when arrows hit, but so far as I can tell only Lilly's
fireballs and Frobod's necrobolts are making a
difference.
 The frostlord cups his hands together and
attempts to crush me under an awkward, squatting two
handed fist pound. It's slow, and not difficult to avoid
by scurrying out of the way. The giant stands at full
height again. He kicks. I dodge, just in time so that his
front of his foot smashes into the stone wall rather than
my chest.
 Our opponent groans its frustration, "Noooo...
Be still little ones."
 Winter says, "Just a bit longer."
 I hope she's got something good, because DPS
has been hammering this thing, I've been hit, and the
mob's still at ninety percent health.  Green light and the
smell of cherry blossoms stirs around me as Mirae
 162
lands her first heal.  My health creeps up to eighty,
then ninety than one hundred percent.
 "Good work!" a single hand reaches down to
grab me, which I have to tumble to avoid.
 "Be still..." The frostlord rumbles.
 A big fiery blast sends droplets of water flying
through the air like an early spring rain.
 Frostlord health: 80%.
 The frostlord protests. "It... hurts..."
 "Good work Lilly!"
 The frostlord stomps. The foot's so large I have
to leap out of the way, but I remain unharmed. Another
fireball lands, spritzing  me with a curtain of melted ice.
 "Thank you, adventurers.  Stand back and I'll
finish this once and for all."
 I don't know what Winter has up her sleeve,  but
that's an order of retreat if I've ever heard one. I turn
back the direction we came, and run, leaping over large
hunks of rock that stand in the way. The passage burns
with blinding blue light as Winter extends her palm and
hits the behemoth in his core mass.
 KA-CRASH!
 His chest explodes in a tsunami of shattered ice
crystals, some fly up and out peppering us from even
 163
our far distance, but most collapse into a wide
mound of crushed ice.

 164
Quest Update: Taming the Rage Babies
You've encountered Winter, a powerful nature spirit,
and have gained her favor. Teach Annette to gain
repute so that she may become one of her spirit
guides.

Completion:
Spirit Bond Formed    0/1

Rewards:
Winter's assistance in your quest

 I walk to Annette, brushing small ice pellets out
of my hair.  "She's a spirit like Magpie."
 "Really?"
 I nod, and regard Winter.  "This isn't normal?"
 Frobod rests his blade on his shoulder, "I'm
surprised to see you fighting cold monsters."
 Now that we're not combating a horde of
kryobeavers and an ice giant, I see that Winter's eyes
are the clearest blue, and although she wears an
ethereal gown, she lacks legs to walk upon the earth.
She glides towards us.
 "The seasonal balance has been disrupted, and
the cold is too strong."
 165
 Tako joins our gathering with Mirae and says,
"Isn't that a good thing for you?"
 "Yes, I have more raw power. I can attack with
more force, but fighting these aberrations drains me
quickly. In the coming months I must sleep and make
way for my sister."
 Tako trails, "...and?"
 "I will be unable if the balance isn't restored.
Something corrupts this land, and would place me in a
state of eternal wakefulness."
 Tako says, "That sounds like a pretty good deal
from your perspective."
 "How would you feel if you couldn't sleep,
mortal? Exhausted, unable to protect your own
domain."
 I motion Annette to my side, "We don't have
domains, but I think I see the problem."
 "I've already invested far more of my energy
combating the corrupted than I should have by this
time of year.  How long before I run out?"
 I look to the Rodekin. "This is a good
opportunity. Offer to help, and form a relationship. If
you become close she'll act as your spirit guide."
 "What about Magpie?"
 166
 "You can have more than one guide, and he's
not your personal guide yet.  It's uncommon for
someone with your lack of experience with the spirits to
have this kind of opportunity. Winter and her sisters,
Spring, Summer and Autumn are greater spirits. Talk
to her. She can help you a lot in the future."
 Uncertainty laces Annette's voice, "Is there
something we can do to help?"
 "There is, child of Rat."
 "She probably wants us to investigate the source
of the corruption.
 Annette nods in understanding.  "Do you want
us to find out what's wrong?"
 "Yes, but not now. First..." Winter yawns, "I need
more power. I need to supplement my reserves before I
run out.  Every battle against the corrupted drains me...
and now..." She yawns again. "I'm very tired."
 "How do we do that?"
 "Ureota, the frost wyrm guardian of San'ta Vale,
has been corrupted. The hearts of dragons and dragon
kin are ripe with spirit power. Find Ureota, guardian of
San'ta Vale, slay him, and make an offering of his heart.
In so doing you weaken the corrupted, and provide me
with the magic I need to endure this crisis."
 Tako pumps his fist. "Yes! More dragons."
 167
 "Wyrms don't have arms or legs. Close
enough though... It'll probably count toward the
Dragonsbane quest."
 A look of surprise creeps into Annette's face.
"You just want us to kill a dragon?"
 "I'll resurrect him when balance is restored. As
of now, in his corrupted state, he is an adversary."
 Sounding surprised, A nnette says, "You can do
that?"
 "Frost wyrms are of the cold, and thus within
one of my domains. I will resurrect him when this is
done." A note of pleading enters Winter's voice. "For
now... I desperately need more power."
 Frobod sheathes is sword and places it on his
back. "Sounds like a plan.  How do we get there?"
 "Keep traveling north and you'll find the
entrance to a vale outside of which Ureota resides."
 I unroll my map.  "Any chance you can mark it
for us?"
 The spirit takes a long time examining the
parchment, as if unfamiliar with this brand of human
invention.  A good thirty or forty-five seconds later, she
extends an index finger, beneath which a blue
snowflake icon appears.  "Here. This is where you're
most likely to find him."
 168
 I look at the map and murmur, "There's a lot
of unexplored territory between here and there."
 Lilly chimes in with a "No problem. As long as
we got a compass and see the destination, we'll find it."
 Annette bows, in the courtly fashion of
Dragonswood Keep.  "I'll do my best."
 I chuckle. "Most spirits aren't familiar enough
with our customs to understand bowing, but it's good
that you're showing respect."
 Winter yawns again, long, and wide. "Hurry. The
sooner I replenish my reserves the better."




 169

Chapter 7 - Icebeard

 We exit the pit as easily as we came, all of us on
elechoppers and Annette's arms wrapped around Mirae
from behind.   With the end of combat, the stone
throwing devil returns from whence he came.
 We're again using party chat while in motion.
The Rodekin says,  "I can't help but feel useless with all
of you fighting."
 "I'd like for you to learn healing but aside from
Winter we haven't had that many spirits around for
instruction."
 "Mirae taught me some basic spells, but you
barely need it."
 "Trust me, there will be bigger battles, and when
I need it, I'll really need it."
 "So you just want me to stand around until
then?"
 170
 I sigh. "I'm trying to avoid you getting hit.  I
know what it's like to fight as a Rodekin and it's not
pretty. One minute you're good, the next you're ripping
apart your nearest ally."
 Mirae says, "I could teach her the bow."
 "Do you have an extra one?"
 "I've still got the old one."
 "It ain't my quest or nuthin', but I could also
teach her dagger hexin'."
 I spare Annette a glance, "You have options." I
then look to Lilly, keeping my bike moving straight
ahead five feet above the ground. Swirls of light snow
scatter with our passing. "It's a great opportunity to
level your mentorship ability."
 "Good point. Few extra points to spend never
hurt anyone."  The goblin spares looks to Annette, "So
what do ya wanna learn, healin' or hexin?"
 "Can I do both until I figure out what I like
more?"
 "Do you have any Freeworld magic?"
 She shakes her head no, "Not aside from being
Rodekin."
 Speaking to the goblin, I ask, "Do you have
mentorship?"
 "Level two."
 171
 "Teach her some of the basics once we stop
since she already has a couple of spells from Mirae.
That's enough for the basics. If you're lucky, teaching a
few spells will bump you up to level three."
 Shapes take form in th e distance.  "Can you see
that?"
 Frobod shrugs. "You're vision's better than mine.
I'd say people, animals, and a big... something."
 My ears perk.  "I hear something."
 I can see Mirae concentrating, "It sounds like an
elephant, with a bit more bass."
 "Keep going."
 As we draw nearer it's not an elephant that takes
shape, but a mountain of thick brunette fur with a
bearded trunk. The distant rumble of the animal's
sound moves tension in the air. Metal caps affixed to
deadly tusks reflect the sunlight.  It's an animal ready
for war.
 A stubby, bushy eyebrowed dwarf with a beard
that reaches down to his belly button greets us from a
saddle atop a blanket on the creature's back. Little
icicles dangle from his upper lip, whereas larger ones
freeze the hair beneath his chin. He's covered head to
toe in warm furs, not unlike Annette's.  I can't tell what
kind - I've never been to the Arctic, but whatever the
 172
animal, it had a silver salt and pepper pelt. They are
well made garments stitched into a proper cape,
britches, and coat.
 "Hellooooo down there." His voice has a nice
bass rumble, flavored by a hearty brogue.
 Not very often a dwarf's in a position to say
that.
 We look up still hovering above the ground,  but
no where near the height of the mammoth.   "Err.
Hello."
 His mount's breath is like quiet thunder when
not making baritone elephant trumpets and rumbles.
 "Not many travelers this far North. Where are ye
goin'?"
 Lilly lifts farther off the ground so she's on level
height with the newcomer, "What's it to you?"
 The dwarf chuckles, his white teeth stand out
against the dark fur of his face. "Not here to harm ye.
Got plenty of other monsters around here to do that."
 "Coulda fooled me. This place is barren. Found a
bunch of demonic ice beavers a few miles back, but
there ain't  been nothin' to catch since."
  I look to Lilly, "It's fine.  If he was hostile he'd
have attacked already."
 173
 "At least one of ye's got common sense.
Krynn Icebeard at your service."
 "Nice to meet you Krynn.  If I may ask, what are
you doing so far North by your lonesome self?"
 "The North's me home, and I'm a trader. "
 Tako says, "Then why ar en't you peddling your
wares?"
 A look of childlike excitement creeps into his
craggy face, "Were you looking to buy?"
 Tako scoffs, "No."
 Annette scowls and raises her hand like she's
about the slap the shit out of Taco.  "Hold up!"
 Tako's eyes go wide in an exaggerated cartoony
'oops!' expression, I'm actually impressed Annette's
kept her cool this long with that Rodekin rage riding in
her veins. When I play a Rodekin I'm spitting temper
every two seconds due to the rage venting meter.
 I raise a halting hand to Tako. "What do you
need?"
 "If I'm gonna learn the green girl's style of magic,
I need a proper dagger right?  All I have is a general
purpose folding knife. It's not made for combat."
 I'm again surprised how much like a normal
party member Annette seems, opposed to an NPC.
 174
 "Squeaks Jr.'s gotta head on her shoulders."
Lilly looks to the Dwarf, "What ta ya got?"
 "A bow would be good too so I don't have to use
someone else's."
 "Probably best if you com e to my camp and take
a look."
 I give him the stink eye. "I appreciate that you
haven't attacked, but if you were a bandit, this'd be an
ideal way to set an ambush."
 Krynn clutches his chest li ke he's been shot with
an arrow. "Ye wound me!"
 "Then what are you doing out here alone, away
from your wares?"
 "I've got guards.  I'm just taking everyone for a
walk." He pats the mammoth's head.
 Frobod unsheathes his greatsword, anticipating
a trap.  "Everyone?"
 Krynn, raises his hands in a placating gesture.
"Hey.  None of that. Look!"   He releases a loud wolf
whistle that sets my nerves on end.  I join Frobod in
equipping Bite. "Just wait, just wait, they're comin'."
 An explosion of white fur wooshes in front of my
face, hitting me with a rush of cold air as if I'd narrowly
missed my death date with a bullet train.  Another
white blur streaks by, and loops around the mammoth.
 175
 It's only when they choose to stop running
that I make out two enormous white direfoxes waving
their bushy tails like propellers.  It's eerie how well
their coats allow them to blend with the environment
because on four legs, they're taller than anyone in our
party. Standing on hind legs with their forepaws
against the mammoth's wooly haunch, they can nearly
touch the dwarf's outstretched hand.  Their tails
continue beating back and fourth as long pink tongues
loll out of vulpine grins.
 "Ye see? This is everyone.  Part of everyone
anyway."
 "There are more?"
 Krynn nods. "Four more running around."  He
whistles again. "Bosko! Get over here!" The piercing
note hurts my ears.
 Annette looks incredulous.  "Bosko?"
 The dwarf points.  "Over there."
 The arctic fox camouflage is near perfect in the
snow, but I make out the black nose and eyes of a third
animal running toward us. It's almost to the mammoth
when another direfox leaps at it from the side. The two
massive animals roll in the snow, play biting. Their
sounds are high pitch and squeaky like a kazoo; so far
from the sharp barks and menacing growls of dogs.
 176
 Mirae says, "I think we can trust him."
  I'm getting the same idea. "Yeah?"
 "They're adorable! The guy taking care of these
guys isn't going to murder us at his camp."
 In a tone of levity, Tako responds, "Direfoxes
need food too."
 I sigh and put my staff away. "It's fine. Give him
a chance. Worst case scenario we get sent for respawn."
 Mirae says, "I can't die, remember."
 "Oh yeah, forgot about that.  Worst case scenario,
we all die except Mirae, who resurrects me, so we can
both work on resurrecting everyone else."
 She eyes me skeptically.  "I don't think it'll come
to that."
 "Ye believe me now?"
 "Yeah, we're good."  I look to Frobod.  "Put the
sword away."
 "Alright."  The dwarf seems a touch less cheerful
than when he greeted us.  "Lets go to camp and where
ye can see me barge."
 It takes a hand full of  minutes to get to his camp
which is nestled between a huge snow bank beside a
frozen lake. At first I don't see any guards, but then I
realize a quartet of ice golems are perched at each
corner of a massive sled big enough to tow a small
 177
house. They're frozen humanoid constructs with
heads like barbuta helms, and bulky clear bodies that
remind me of 1950s robots.  Two carry impressive
transparent longswords, and the others are armed with
intimidating crystalline spears.
 Lilly presses her palm to one of the constructs.
Faster than you'd think, it takes a step back and levels a
spearhead at her.  The best way I can describe the
movement is precise, a single quick motion that did
what it needed to get the job done... in this case ward
Lilly off. "If only I could catch one of these guys."
 "Ye interested in a deal? I can make more, and
bind any of these so they're permanent."
 "Actually, I might.  I'm a collector. What'll it cost
me to scoop up all four of em."
 The goblin pales at the price quoted. "Maybe just
one, or if I can come back later for a pick up..."She
trails in frustration. "Sheesh, ain't you ever heard of a
bulk discount?"
 Krynn grins, flashing pearly whites behind his
beard. He stirs, stands on his saddle, and then leaps to
the ground like a cannonball. A puff of white fills the air
as he lands on two powerful stubby legs.
 "You think on it while I help this other lass." He
bows to Annette.  I guess we know who's his favorite.
 178
"I have some of the finest blades in Arctica."  For
some reason, this makes Annette wince, but Krynn
doesn't see it because he's already walking around on
his snow barge looking for the right crate. "Ah! Here we
are."  He withdraws a blade that glows with
phosphorescent blue, and that casts fluries of minute
snowflakes as he sweeps it through the air. "The best
darksteel with the best frost enchantment.  What do
you think?  It has a twin if you're interested in a set."
 Annette takes it in her hand and examines it.
"It's cold."
    "No shit Sherlock."  She suddenly looks like she's
about to throw it at Tako.
 I ask, "How much is it?"
  "Oh I suppose I could let this one go for say,
fifteen hundred gold. Twenty five, if you want the set."
 "Fifteen hundred gold?  That's insane."
 "It's a good price.  Straight from the forge of my
uncle Thoram Icebeard."
 Tako says, "Is that supposed to mean something
to us?"
 Krynn clutches his chest as if having a heart
attack. "You wound me! How can you not know the
likes of Thoram Icebeard, the greatest smith in all
Arctica?"
 179
 Frobod chuckles.  "Reminds me of dinner
theater. I have an uncle too. He's always good for a
laugh."
 "Awww...  Ye mean to mock me? Ask anyone ye
pass and you'll know. Icebeard blades are the very
best."
 With a smirk Frobod says, "We haven't seen
anyone else, so we'll take your word for it."
 I eye Frobod. "You're happy."
 "Yeah... I guess I am. Something about seeing
him take the blade out of the box reminded me of
Christmas, and pretty soon that's where I'll be.
Christmas in Vegas with my little girl. There's the whole
ritual of putting gifts out under the tree and setting
everything up so it's just right. For a few minutes  every
year you actually believe you are Santa, and munch on
those milk and cookies.   The next morning you're tired
because you stayed up too late, and of course she wants
to be up at the crack of dawn.  It's all worth it because
of that look on her face.  The kind that can still believe
in Santa. I'm still eager to get back but... feeling good at
the same time, ya know?"
 "You don't believe in Santa?" Annette asks.
 I look to Frobod. "Yeah I know."  I feel a smirk
tugging at my mouth, because in Freeworld, however
 180
much more like a post apocalyptic real world it
might be, there's still a real bearded guy in a jolly red
suit. "He's more of a myth where we come from.
Parents pretend to be Santa, and set out toys for their
kids."
 The truth is, in spite of  my words,  I know no
such thing regarding Frobod's experience... at least not
on an emotional level. Getting back in time for
Christmas would mean chilling by my lonesome with
scented candles, and a warm sweater before logging
back in to a game to hang out with my friends. I haven't
actually visited family for the holidays in about three
years. We were more about togetherness for a few years
after Jordan's death, but this, like all things faded with
time.  We just aren't the most social bunch, and with
one less family member to round up...  I don't know.
We've drifted to different parts of the country, for a
while I was overseas... There just seems less of a point
trying so hard to get everyone together. As a result,
somewhere in that busy  holiday schedule I'd find time
to make the obligatory calls to my parents and sibs. At
the same time, I feel a warmth knowing that he does
have that to look forward to.  Second hand holiday
cheer.
 181
 Annette says, "It's a nice weapon, but it's way
too much for me. I'm just beginning.  What do you have
for a beginner bow and daggers?"
 That's probably the most un-gamer thing she's
said since we left since the average adventurer would
automatically jump at the most impressive weapon
even if they were just learning.
 "Ahh.." A note of disappointment sounding in
Krynn's voice.  "Well here's a pair of low magic daggers
to get you started.  They're good steal, but an
apprentice did the spellwork."
 "And a bow?"
 "This one here should do the trick. Small magic,
it'll allow you to draw faster, and become more aware of
your surroundings." I can't read the stats since
Annette's the one he's negotiating with, but my guess is
that the stats are only plus one or two to dexterity and
perception.  "You can have the lot for say... seventy five
gold."
 Annette gives him a self satisfied smile and says,
"Make it 70 and you've got a deal."
 I wonder how she obtained the money.
 "Done.  Not too many foreign trainees here in
Arctica.   I'll even throw in a quiver and basic arrows.
No magic on em."
 182
 "Thanks!"
 I look to Lilly who's still ogling the ice golem, but
I get the feeling she doesn't have enough money to pay
for it. "Now that that's settled, we need to figure out
how to get to San'ta Vale."
 "San'ta Vale ye say?"
 "That's where we're heading."
 "Ye don't want to go there.  I've got a delivery to
the elves but it's too dangerous.  Imps, corrupted snow
creatures, and that damned Ureota has gone over to the
dark."
 "What do you know about it?"
 The dwarf shrugs.  "Best I can tell the source of
the problem is in or around the Vale."
 "We've got our own bu siness with Ureota."
 "You'd best cancel.  He was surly on the best of
days, but now? He'd just as soon have you for
breakfast."
 Lilly releases a longing sigh, and turns away
from the ice golem, "I take it ya don't mean as guests."
 "Ye'd be correct in that assumption."
 "You got shipments, and we gotta go there
regardless. Sounds to me like we oughta be workin'
together."
 Frobod says, "She's right, where's the delivery?"
 183
 Krynn examines his gloves.  "Somewhere in
that area."
 "What you ain't gonna tell us?  We can't help you
so well if you don't say where we're goin'."
 "It's not that I don't want to tell you, it's just...
client confidentiality. They're secretive folk."
 I fish through my inventory and withdraw the
mangled dolly,  a little ragdoll toy, in a red Santa Claus
dress, dirty and burnt with pointed ears like an elf.
 "If it's anything, we've got other business in the
area after Ureota."
 "What kind of business?"
 "We have to return this to it's owner."
 "Let me see that."   Krynn holds out his gloved
hand. I place the dolly in his palm. "Well, this has seen
better days. Where'd you find it?"
 "Hades."  I say flatly.
 "Well that explains it. Can't see adventurers
coming all the way up here for a doll found anywhere
else."
 "Can you help us."
  Tako snickers as Krynn looks under the toy's
skirt.  "Perv."
 "This is Old Fiodrill's work."
 I raise a brow. "You know the maker?"
 184
 "Do I know the maker? Of course I know.
How do you not know? He's the greatest doll maker in
all Arctica."
 Tako looks between me and Krynn with a
questioning expression on his face.  "Is everyone in
Arctica famous or something?"
 Frobod says, "I guess when there's not many
people there's not so much competition to be the best."
 "Ai'ight...  I believe ye."  Krynn sighs. "But I'm
not taking you in the village.  We go to Santa Vale
together. You handle your business with Ureota while I
speak to the long ears themselves."
 "But..." Frobod starts.
 "I'm sworn to secrecy, and I'm not risking my
trade for a bunch of adventurers. If they allow one
exception, we'll meet again and I'll lead ye to the village.
Fair?"
 "Fair."  I repeat. "So what all do you need from
us in this partnership?"
 "I've got four ice golems, but I wouldn't risk
them all with the dangers along the way.  I need ye all
to work with the foxes to make sure my wares are safe."
 "Caravan guarding..."
 "Again." Tako says.
 185
 Mirae smiles. "I wasn't with you last time,
but I think this'll be totally different. We're not on a
train, and we get to work with awesome foxes."
 Frobod says, "Those foxes were pretty fast.
Think they can outpace our mounts?"
 "Look at ye, so adorable.  Everyone knows a
direfox is the fastest creature in Arctica."
 The death knight nods, "Like a cheetah then."
 "I don't know anything about these cheetahs, but
me foxes are damned fast."
 "It's a cat. Very fast."
 "These animals won't be outrun by some damn
cat. Who are ye? You're like a baby, don't know
anything about the arctic"
 Frobod accepts the teasing, "You're right. We
don't.  So I'm glad we found you."
  "Let's give it an hour to eat, and pack up.  Then
we're on the move."




 186



Chapter 8 - Mush!

 We all munch on dry rations rather than
preparing anything.  If we're gonna use Pehrom's
special BBQ sauce, I want time to enjoy it.  Lilly's
teaching Annette the basics of dagger casting.
 "Alright! Mentorship up to three!  I can teach
level two spells now."
 "Good for you."  I say, "That could be useful in
the future."
 "Yeah well, my student ain't half bad. She'll
master this in no time."
 Annette looks pleased with herself.
 "How're you coming with the bow?"
 "I've got the basics from Dragonswood, but
Mirae says she'll give me pointers when we fight."
 187
 "Sounds like you're taken care of."
 "Ye all ready to go?"
 "We're good I think?"  I spare a glance for the
rest of the impatient party wh o look like they'd like to
be on their way.   "We're good."
 I wave my middle finger in the air and call
"INFERNO!!"  It's the macro I crated to summon my
fire chopper. Before I have time to complete the second
gesture to call all the other bikes Krynn interrupts me.
 "What in the cold blazes is that?"
 "It's my bike, you saw me ride it."
 "Yes I know, but why is it here? Didn't I tell you?
Yer riding foxes."
 "I thought...."
 Krynn shakes his head.  "Put it away. It'll only
slow us down."
 "They're pretty fast."
 The dwarf rolls his eyes.  "Care to place a wager
on it?"
 Lilly jumps in.  "I'll take that bet.  Mel, call me a
bike."
 I look to the goblin, "You can just use this one."
 "Ai'ight."  Krynn looks Lilly over as she takes her
seat on Big Red, and then whistles."Bosko!" The huge
direfox pads over. Looking up at it's chin from my
 188
standing position, I'm glad these magnificent beasts
are on our side. "First one to the other side of the lake
and back wins."
 "Can I go over water?"
 "Do whatever ye want. It won't matter.
Winner...." He trails.
 "I want fifty percent off one of those ice golems!"
 "Agreed, and if I win..." He mulls it over. "I feel
almost bad taking yer money. I've seen you teaching.  If
I win, ye have to teach me one of the spells from yer
repertoire." He pauses. "No restrictions."
 "Hey, I can't teach everything in my spell book. I
ain't that good of an instructor, but I promise if I can do
it, any spell I know how to teach is yours... That's pretty
much up to second circle magic."
 "Agreed."
 "There and back. I can fly over water."
 "That's the deal."
 "Woo hoo! Ice golem, here I come!" in a quieter
voice she says "They'll be wo rth a fortune in the public
market."
 Krynn looks to me and says, "The lass don't
know what she's up against."
 He reaches his hand up to the direfox. It lowers
its big head, and they make long eye contact. I can
 189
almost feel a conversation passing between them. Is
he a druid? "Ye got it?"
 A playful "Yip." sounds from Bosko.
 "On the count of three." Krynn says.  "One....
Two....  Three!  Go!"
 An abrupt wind and blur of white fur hits me in
the face. The fox is gone.
 Lilly revs the engine, lifts off the ground, and
bolts over the frozen lake in all of Big Red's 600%
ground speed glory. She's like a comet burning up the
cold atmosphere in a trail of fire and steam.
 Surely she'll make it.
 Lilly's almost to the other side, but wait... No
way..  The fox's coat makes it hard to see, but my eyes
are able to follow the puffs of light snow in it's passing.
Bosko's already half way back  around the lake. Lilly's
lopped around and is already headed back, I can only
imagine the look of determination on her face.
 Fur in the face.  The dire fox leaps over us, lands,
and rolls on the ground some eight paces behind Krynn.
Bosko wins! His tale wags as the dwarf moves to pat his
enormous white furry belly.
 Lilly's just returning.  "Holy crap. Those things
are like..."  She fishes for th e right word. "I don't know,
 190
like a bolt of lightning and a critter on speed had a
hot night and made a child."
 "I told ye, yer mount would slow us down."
 "Right, right." Lilly huffs. "You got your spell.
I'll teach it now or whenever we arrive."
 Krynn nods. "Fastest creatures in the arctic. Now
all ye have to do is decide how you want to ride."
 I ask, "There are options?"
 "Of course.  Ye can ride on their backs, or we can
set up a mini-barge."
 "What's the mini-barge?"
 "Just wait, and I'll show ya." Krynn moves to the
larger conveyance loaded up with all his wares, grunts,
and pulls what looks like a flat bottom sled off the back
of it. "This is a mini-barge.  Big enough for one person.
Ye stand here."  He demonstrates, "While this has a
lead attached to the fox's harness.  If you have good
balance, and strong you control it by shifting your
weight."
 "Like a snowboard."
 Krynn shrugs like I'm spouting nonsense. "Not
quite a board, but it is flat."
 "Like water skiing, without having to hold on to
the tow rope."
 191
 Krynn shakes his head.  "I have no idea what
yer on about."
 Annette holds up her ha nd, "I can water ski and
skateboard.  The mini barge is going to be a blast."
 I nod, thinking that my high dexterity rating will
save me. "I think I will too."
 I look to Mirae who sh rugs and says, "I feel
better riding.  I already know how to shoot from a
saddle."
 "Eh..."  Lilly says.  "I could go either way, but I
don't see me doin' much stabbin' while we travel.
Foxback for me."
 T a k o  s a y s ,  " M i n i - b a r g e .   I ' v e  g o t  d e x ,  s o  I ' l l
manage."
 "What about ye big guy?"  Krynn eyes Frobod.
 "I don't know if I'll be able to stay on the barge.
Foxback for me and I'll just try to launch necro bolts."
 "It's settled then.  Barge riders, ye gotta watch
for bumps.  A bad hit'll send you right on yer bum."
 The next few minutes consist of us helping
Krynn drag three mini-barges off the larger one, and
attach them to direfox harnesses.   The animals are
surprisingly well behaved, and more than once I catch
Krynn gazing deep into their eyes in what I can only
assume is silent communica tion. They lay on their
 192
bellies while Krynn  sets the straps, adjusting their
positions so he can work around them. When he's done,
they don't seem to mind th e harnesses.  They remind
me of the vests you see seeing eye dogs wearing,
because they also have pa cks for emergency supplies
and travel goods.
 I stand on my barge, at first unsteadily as I hold
out my arms for balance, and then more confidently
once I get a sense of the sled 's stability.  I hop up and
down with strong footing. Thinking of our experience
running around on top of the Shroudmoon Express. the
commuter train of the underworld, I ask, "Don't you
have some kind of tether? What happens if we fall off?"
 "Well I have special mini-barge boots that'll stop
that from happening, but they'l l cost you. Even so, if ye
go down, the foxes will feel the change and weight and
find ye."
 "Are you sure about that?"  I'm not sure about
buying special boots just for a quest, especially if it
means losing the stat bonuses from my Swiftstrike
Kickers.  "Who do you think I am?  My foxes are the
best foxes in..."
 We finish the statement at the same time "... all
of Arctica."
 193
 "I'd still feel better if we had a tether. Just in
case something happens. I can handle being dragged a
few meters if I go down.  I'm less enthusiastic about
being left behind."
 Krynn sighs as if finding the notion ridiculous
and says, "Fine. I've got some rope. We'll tie one end to
your foot, and the other to the barge.  The gods help
you if it gets caught on something."
 Images pass through my mind of getting the
rope caught around a tree, and having my leg ripped off
by a direfox sprinting at supersonic speeds.
 "You know... On second thought..."  I look to
Mirae. "I'll send you a text if I go down."
 "Party chat."  Lilly says.
 "Okay, no tether."
 Frobod asks, "Are we ready to go?"
 "Why don't the three of ye  take  a trip around the
lake to get a feel for it first. Find your balance."
 Annette hops up and down. "Sounds good to
me."
 "Ye want them to go faster, say 'Hike!' in a
commanding voice." My fox takes a step forward, and
he says  "Whoaa...." The fox stops. "Want em' to slow
down, say ye say that.  Whooaaaaa."
 I repeat, "Whoaaaaa."
 194
 "Be sure to draw out that O sound.  Just keep
saying that until they stop.  When you're reading to
start say 'Mush' and you'll be off."
 Annette says, "Hike, Whoa, Mush. Got it."
 "Ye ready?"
 Tako nods, "Mush!"
 His fox springs into action, not running at
blinding speed, but proceeding to walk, and then
quicken to a comfortable amble. The way his arms wave
tell me he wasn't ready for the acceleration, but he
keeps his balance. When fina lly he seems stable,  he
calls "Hike!"  sending the fox into a quicker pace that
kicks clouds of snow in their wake.
 "Mush!"  My fox begins to move.
 "Mush!"  So does Annette's.
 I'm prepared for the sudden motion, so I don't
flail around quite so much as my guild mate. I feel good.
While I'm standing with my body facing the direction of
the fox, Annette stands sideways like her barge is a surf
board.  I wonder if there's a wrong way to do it. "Hike!"
With faster footsteps, brisk air hits my face. "Hike!" I'm
stable, though my stomach thrills at the unfamiliar
motion.
 How do we control these things?
 195
 I put a bit more weight on my right foot, and
glide that direction.  I then shift my weight to the left,
and drift back.  Smooth sailing so far. " Hike!"  As the
fox moves faster I think I've found my new favorite
mode of winter transportation.
 I spare a glance for Annette who seems to be
having more trouble controlling her barge. While I'm
able to make clear sweeps from one side of the fox's
hind quarters to the other, Annette barely drifts from
side to side. She calls, "This is harder than
skateboarding."
 "It's easier to control if you stand like this.
Think of it like water skiing!"
 In all honesty I have no idea if standing straight
ahead will make it more like water skiing, but I can
compare it to snow skiing where weighting one foot will
change your course.
 "Thanks!"  She readjust s her position, and I can
instantly see a difference in her ability to control the
barge.  "This works much better."
 Testing my stability as we're dragged around the
perimeter of the frozen lake, I crouch and drag my
hand behind to collect snow in my gloved hand. It's not
too efficient,  but I scrape up enough at least to form a
small snowball.  The important thing is that I'm able to
 196
squat and stand up again without feeling unstable.
The barges are a lot more sturdy than I thought.
 I press the snow in my hands packing it in even
h a r d e r .   " H i k e !   H i k e !   H i k e  h i k e  h i k e ! "   M y  s t o m a c h
jumps with the burst of speed, and I feel as if the air
blasting me in the chest will knock me down before any
obstacles.  Fortunately, it's not too bad if I stay in the
fox's wake. I'm coming up on Tako, snowball still
clinched in my hand. We're now side by side.
 He gives me a look like  'No way!'  and shouts
"Hike! Hike!"  Damn.  Missed my shot.
 "Hike hike!" I shiver as the speed increases,
we're now side by side.   One... two... three.   I pelt him
with my little snowball, and it hits him in the shoulder,
leaving a snowy white mark on his dark leathers.   I
stick out my tongue, as I pass.  "Hike! Hike!"
 Tako's shouting the same as me,  but now we're
almost back at camp.  "Whoaaaaaa..."   My fox goes a
little slower. "Whoaoooaaaa.. "I repeat until we drift to
a smooth stop.
 Tako dives off his barge instead of stopping
properly, scoops up a wad of snow and then smashes
me in the side of the head with it.  It catches me off
guard, and I shiver from the cold.
 197
 "Hey!" Mirae hops off her mount, scoops up
some snow, laughs and hits her boyfriend with a
snowball.
 I make one of my own and hit our healer with it.
 Tako returns fire, with a throw that leaves Mirae
sputtering when it hits her right in the face.  "Oh shit! I
didn't mean to."
 Her nose is bleeding. She rolls her eyes.  "It's
fine.  Espikil!"  An aura of green light pops around her
as she casts her minor healin g .     S h e  w i p e s  h e r  f a c e
with her hand.  "Good as new."
 Annette, the only one of us not to participate in
the race drifts into camp.  "That was fun."
 "Ye get the hang of it?"
 I nod.  "Easier than I thought.  They're quite
stable."
 "Ye can even face backward if you need to attack
something behind ye."
 I nod having guessed as much.
 "If yer all ready..."
 I look to Annette. "One thing.  If you're going to
use your bow now I have a suggestion. Can you take
your war form? You'll be able to shoot better because of
the bonus..." I catch myself tr ying to talk stats to an
NPC, "Because it has more manual dexterity."
 198
 Annette looks to Krynn, "Is he ready for it, or
anyone we might meet?"
 "Good point."  I look to Krynn. "Don't be afraid.
Annette she's... a shape changer. I promise you she's
not a were, at least, not the way you're used to thinking
of them."
 "A were, here?" Krynn looks unsettled.
 "She can change like a wererat, but she's not a
monster. Her mind's intact."
 Krynn gives me a dubious stink eye. "I never
heard of a lass whose a wererat whose not out to tear ye
apart."
 I look to Annette, then to Krynn.  "Just change,
so you can show him. She com es from another universe.
The place beyond the Rip of Worlds. Magic... magical
creatures... They don't work there like they do here."
 "Are you sure?"
 I nod.
 Beneath her furs it's ha rd to make out what's
happening  to her body though her head elongates and
becomes furry.  Solid black eyes replace her human
ones, and whiskers begin to sprout up around what is
fast becoming a rat like nose. She also gains about a
f o o t  i n  h e i g h t ,  a s  a  l on g  r o d e n t  ta i l   p us h e s  o u t  o f t h e
seat of her pants.
 199
 I look to Krynn to make sure he's not going to
attack. He doesn't but I can see he's gripping the knife
he wears on his belt. "Say something so he knows it's
real."
 "Uhmm.. Hi.. I'm Annette." Though her voice is
warped through her Rodekin mouth.   It's more course
and...chittery.
 "Ye gods.  I've never..."
 "Yeah..."  I look to Annette. "She gets that a lot,
but I assure you, she's very real.  No more dangerous
than she was a few minutes ago."
 "How did it happen? Ye have a cure?"
 I shake my head no. "You might as well think of
what she is, and the werera ts you know as different
species..." I pause and corre ct myself not knowing if
Havenfolk understand that word, "Races..  Her kind,
the Rodekin, may have some temper issues, but they
aren't mindless. We're teaching her to get a grasp on
her powers."
 Krynn shivers, as if something about her
appearance gives him the wi llies. "Ai'ight. We can go,
but I'm warning you, if one bad thing happens to me
foxes..,"
 Annette jerks her hand as if swatting a fly, "I
won't touch your foxes!"
 200
 "Ai'ight..."  He stirs uneasily, but cautiously
on board with the plan. "That's all I care about."
 "Fair enough." I turn my attention to Annette.
"You should see a remarkable improvement in your
accuracy and balance in this form."
 She nods, but something in her body language,
the briskness of the motion te lls me she's still miffed at
being treated like a would be psychopath. Calm...
 The first half hour of our journey is awesome fun
without a single mob in sight. It reminds me of skiing
without necessarily going down hill.  The mini-barges
are like swift snowmobile ch ariots that you can control
by shifting your weight.
 I practice swinging back and forth on the mini-
barge behind my fox. We all seem to be getting the
hang of it. I'd like to initiate another snowball fight,
but at these speeds, with the ground flashing beneath
us in a blur, it's near impo ssible to scoop up a hand full
of snow, much less enough to make a snowball. That's
probably not a bad thing becaus e it'd be just like this
g a m e  t o  t h r o w  a  d i r e  p o l a r  b e a r  a t  u s  w h e n  w e  l e a s t
expect it.
 ROAR.  The sound of mauling ricochets through
my mind. Not fun.
 201
 Krynn, unlike the rest of us, rides his
mammoth which is towing the big barge of wares.  The
foxes are a lot faster, but we've made a habit of running
far ahead, then looping back around behind the barge
and up again like a relay ra ce. Each time we make a
loop forward, around and then back we give one of the
other riders a chance to sprint ahead so the animals
don't get too tired. The pattern is to scout attackers up
ahead,  as well as any we missed when we passed the
first time that might be creeping up from behind.
 Of course, we could all j u s t  k e e p  p a c e  w i t h  t h e
mammoth, leaving three foxes in front, three in back,
and user party chat to  alert of any dangers, but that
would be considerably less fun, and judging by the
playful vulpine grins on our rides' faces, the direfoxes
enjoy the exercise.
 I like it fast.  The speed makes my body tingle
with adrenaline.
 It's Mirae's turn to scout ahead, "Incoming!
We've got flyers!  Get ready for ranged!"
 "What is it?"
 "They look like frost imps. Little bat winged
creatures with  blue and white glowing pitchforks."
 "Good work. Everyone, use fire if you've got it."
 202
 Of course I don't so I ready to throw my
Darksteel Chakram. Tako also has to settle for
mundane weaponry as he nocks an arrow, though I
suspect some in his stock have magical properties.  In
f a c t ,  i t ' s  o n l y  M i r a e  a n d  L i l l y  t h a t  s e e m  t o  b e  a b l e  t o
deal ranged fire damage.  I weight my right foot so that
I drift to the side of the fox and catch a glimpse ahead.
 A batty shape flutters in the distance.  I hurl my
chakram.

CRITICAL HIT.
You hit Coldfire Imp for 13 points of damage, plus 2
dark damage.
You have killed Coldfire Imp.

 A spray of black liquid splashes in the air as my
hit connects, chopping the diminutive creature in two
as each half of the body hits the snow separately.
 Krynn hollers, "There'll be more where that
came from. Take them down!"
 "Krynn hang back with the ice golems and
protect your wares, we'll move forward. Call if you need
help!"
 Frobod says, "I'll stay with him for protection
and party chat.
 203
 "Good plan."
 Krynn, doesn't speak words in response, but
grumbles his ascent.  I imagine he's quietly thankful
that Annette's not on guard duty.
 My direfox darts around an incoming ball of
coldfire unexpectedly, leaving me to quickly course
correct with a shift of my weight. Fortunately the blast
sores right past me. Tako looses an arrow in that
direction, though he misses the mark. We're too far
away from this attacker, but not for long. Our direfoxes
are charging at a full sprint, and the wind chill bites
into my bones.
 Another incoming blast of cold fire. I want to
toss another chakram, but all I have time to do is duck
suddenly, so low that my fingers touch the floor of my
mini-barge. Tako's on point this time, and punctures an
imp with his arrow.
 "Mirae can you paint?"
 It's a skill some archer s possess that makes their
target glow a different color once hit.  It's useful in
coordinating attacks and setting up  focus fire.
 "Got it." She looses on e of her magical arrows
that trails green sparkly energy.  It connects with the
creature's right wing and it tumbles out of the sky.  It
hobbles helplessly on the ground, glowing in the bright
 204
g r e e n  o f  a   g l o w  i n  t h e  d a r k  t o y .  A  m o m e n t  l a t e r ,
Annette looses and ends it.
 "Focus on green, or whatever color Mirae paints
with. Burn em' down one by one."
 Two cold magic blasts come at us from either
side.   We're now close enough to the imps that I can
make out their features; long chinned like a crescent
moon, burning  blue eyes, and about four feet tall.
Unlike other NPCs they just wear loincloths in the
arctic chill.
 One hits Annette in th e chest and she drops to
one knee.   Her head snaps up  in a violent fury, and my
voice takes on a warning tone. "Calm..."
 "I'll handle it!"
 She must have pumped her rage into taking
extra actions because she knocks an arrow, looses,
knocks another and looses in  the time that Mirae or
Tako could only have only taken one shot. Two long
arrow shafts stick out of her target, but it doesn't go
down. Maybe we should have gotten her a better bow.
 "I can't get the magic to stick to the arrows!"
 Lilly waves a burning dagger , sending a streak
of flame at Annette's target. "It doesn't work on
projectiles!  Ya gotta use blades."
 205
 "It works for her!"  A note of accusation in
the Rodekin's voice as she indicates Mirae.
 "I'm not binding spells like Lilly. The arrows I
shoot ARE the spells."
 "I don't...!"
 Mirae looses.  Her green arrow sticks into the
imp to our left, painting it in green light. "Just focus on
mundane arrows , or casting spells for this battle.  Try
your healing if someone gets hurt."
 My fox is the closest, we're coming up on it, I
hurl my Darksteel Chakram.
 "Arugh!!"

You have killed Coldfire Mage.
You take 8 cold damage from Coldfire Ichor.
You resist 6 points of damage.
You are blinded for 6 seconds.

 The imp splatters, sending the black ichor it has
instead of blood, into my eyes  and face. Burn is not the
correct word to describe it. It bites for a second before
there's nothing at all. I touc h my cheek, it's like putting
my hand on a frozen steak. I can feel through my
fingers but my head...?  I instinctively crouch down
 206
when I lose my vision, wanting to maintain my
balance and not tumble off the barge.
 "Watch out for the blood!  It hurts, and blinds if
it gets in your eyes."
 My vision begins to clear, and I see Annette
waving her hands like she's tr ying to cast a basic heal,
but her gestures grow more frantic with every
repetition. "Come closer! This is so frustrating. I can't
heal from this range."
 Now that I can see again I get back to my feet,
and weight my right foot to ease closer to her.   A wave
of green cherry blossom scented magic hits me.

Annette heals you for 1 health.  9 health remaining.

 "Good job Annette."
 I look away from her just in time to duck out of
the way of a massive snowball aimed right at my head.
 What the hell?
 A pudgy snowman with a carrot nose and an
ugly coal frown races beside  us, the snowball making
up it's base spinning like the wheel of a motor cycle. It
coughs, holds it's twig hands up to it's face, and pukes
more ammunition into it's gnarled palms. Still moving,
it's upper body rears back like a fastball pitcher, and
 207
hurls it at me. I duck, but Tako's not so lucky as his
fox cuts between Annette and myself. The nasty
snowball explodes against his chest sending him flying
off his mini-barge. Thirty percent of his health
evaporates.
 "Man down! Tako fell off.  Watch out! We've also
got... angry snowmen."
 Mirae's fox breaks away from the pack and loops
around back with Tako's direfox to scoop him up.
 Lilly waves a red hot dagger, and sends a sphere
of fire into the snowman that melts him where he
stands.  "Fire works better on the snowmen."
 "And Frosty's first cup of hot cocoa turned out to
be his last. Keep it up."
 Lilly waves her dagger in a salute. "You got it!"
 Frobod chimes in over party chat, "Krynn says
we're almost there."
 "Good. You got company?"
 "Nothing we couldn't handle."
 Another imp flaps it's batty wings ahead,  this
time, instead of sending a blast of magic, it launches its
three pronged fork at me like a javelin. I duck out of the
w a y ,  a n d  Li l l y  s e n d s  a w a v e  o f   f i r e  i t s  d i r e c t i o n .   T h e
spell impacts with a sizzling sound.  The little imp
screams.
 208
 Another fork comes flying, not at me, but at
Lilly. A vulpine yelp sounds. She's not in a position to
dodge, and it thuds into her Dierfoxes flank, creating a
blossom of bright right blood in it's white fur.
 "Annette! Heal the fox!"
 Her speed decreases rapidly, and I call,
"Whoaaa...  Whooaa..."  to slow and guard her.
 "I'm okay, but my mount ain't lookin' too good.
Thanks for askin'."
 "Annette's coming."

Coldfire Champion hits you for 7 points of damage.
You resist 7 points of damage.

 Another thrown fork slam s into my side. "Ugh..!"
It doesn't hurt, I take no damage, but it's annoying.  It
didn't even pierce my armor. "Gonna do this old school
until Mirae and Tako get back . Annette, heal fox first,
then focus on me.  Lilly you know what to do."

Shadow Step (Rank 5) - Success!

 I disappear from my mini-barge, and reappear
behind the Coldfire Champi on that has already been
damaged. Sixty percent health  remaining.  I feel like
 209
face palming because I forgot to equip a melee
weapon before Shadow Stepping.  I settle for a
roundhouse kick to knock the imp out of the air, and
shout "Hey! Over here!"  at the champion that wounded
Lilly's mount.
 Now that I'm within hand to hand combat range,
I'm surprised to see the nasty little creature is wearing a
Santa hat. We're definitely on the right track.

Taunt. Successful.
Coldfire Champion attacks.

 A new magical throwing fork appears in the far
away monster's hands.  It launches the weapon at me.
Currently operating in full defensive mode, it's not hard
for me to evade.

 210
Hot Swap - Success!
You have equipped Lightning's Bite.

Hot Swap (Rank Three)
Weapons:   Dexterity + Weapons (Weapon Type) or
Dexterity + Martial Arts
Armor and Accessories:  Dexterity + Athletics or
Dexterity + Martial Arts

You may change equipment during combat without
penalty.  In so doing you must take purely evasive
action for 1.5 seconds.

Usable Only On: Head, Hands, Weapon, Ring,
Accessory

 I t  f e e l s  g o o d  t o  h a v e  B i t e  i n  m y  h a n d s  a g a i n .   I
parry an incoming attack with the burned Champion's
trident near me, and begin inching my way toward the
one still attacking at range. I can't move too fast, or my
attacker will stay put, and begin throwing like it's
buddy. I have to walk slowly, keeping the monster
engaged if I want to tank both at melee range.
 "I just healed the direfox."
 "Good.  Come to use and stay in range."
 211
 Lilly, now scuttling through the snow,
appears behind the burned Champion which now
waddles on the ground.  It occurs to me that they're
about the same height which makes it easy for her to
shank it, with a red glowing bl ade that explodes in fiery
death on contact. "Cinderburst!"
 "No!"
 Both of us are splattered in the imp's freezing
black blood, though thankfully  n o n e  o f  i t  g e t s  i n  m y
eyes. My health drops by te n percent, but Lilly's not
built for tanking.  The gory blast drops her life by sixty
percent!
 "Ugh!  Watch the blood! All heals on Lilly now!"
 I turn and sprint toward the final Champion
which is still airborne.    It  hurls another fork at me,  I
leap out of the way, and somersault through the snow
like I've been living in Arctica since the age of six.
 A non-magical arrow hits the remaining imp.
"Help Lilly!"  Barely a slivery falls off its health.  I greet
the creature with a fierce ju mp spin hook kick that
smashes against it's pointy chinned face and sends it
rocketing down toward the earth. I expect it to eat snow
but just in time it's wings be gin to clumsily flap and the
imp rises back in the air.
 212
 You'd think taking out a flying monster
would be easy with a weapon as long as Bite, but it's
horribly awkward trying to swat something out of the
air that's bobbing up and down feet above your head.
 I can't see Lilly, but her health bar in the
interface begins to tick high er. Not as fast as if Mirae
was healing, but I can surmise that Annette's whipping
out her minor heals. Gotta start somewhere.
 Lilly's up to 70% health. "I'm good!"
 I give her a mental thumbs up, take as swing
with Bite, and miss.  It's so much easier fighting
creatures that are your own height.
 The Santa hat wearing imp cackles, "Freeze
you!" and stabs down with its little fork.
 I duck out of the way. Annette  looses another
arrow. It connects, shaving a little more help off our
opponent.
  A streak of purple color flies over my head, and
knocks the vile little creature ou t of the sky.   Coldfire
Champion health:  30%.  I take another swing.
 THUMP.
 Not quite as hard as I usually hit, and it's health
drops 10%.
 "Hold up! Let me catch this one?"
 213
 I look back, and dodge out of the way of
another fork strike that was meant for my belly.
 "It's all you. Go for it."
 Lilly rushes in with her weird bag of powder,
tosses it in the air. It lands in the pattern of a circle
enclosing a many pointed star. As with the Kryobeaver,
streamers of magic energy pass  from Lilly's forehead to
the Imp's. Their lips aren't moving,  but there are
occasional gestures as if in conversation. A middle
finger. A shake of the head. A shrug. A nod. A look of
concern creeping into the monster's face.
 Suddenly, a streak of green light from the
direction we came lands squarely in the center of the
imp's back. It falls dead. One of Mirae's arrows
protrudes from it's flesh as  it despawns leaving a red
velvet sack of loot where it disappears.
 "Are you frickin' kidding me?"
 Mirae leaps off the back of her direfox and runs,
breathing heavily. As soon as she's within range, far
greater than Annette's, the green light of nature magic
surrounds her hands, and then enwraps Lilly's body
with the accompanying scen t of cherry blossoms.
"Whew, that was close!"
 Tako waves.
 "I almost had 'em!"
 214
 Mirae looks confused, "Oh, really?" I thought
he was attacking since you're not at full health.
 Lilly throws her hands up in frustration.  "I
swear it's like ya don't want to make any coin."
 "Sorry."  Mirae looks sh eepish. "Sorry we were
late. Decided to loot the mons we killed on the way
here."
 "Anything good?"
 "A few gold and..." She hesitates in amusement.
 "And...?"
 "They all dropped Santa hats or festive reindeer
antlers attached to ear muffs. Who wants them?" Tako
puts one of the hats on his head.
 "Any stats?"
 "No. It's just a skin that transforms whatever
you've got to look like earmuffs or a red hat."
 "Show me."

 215


Red Winter Festival Hat
T y p e :
                                                   Misc
Quality:
                                                                      Uncommon
Use:
Transforms your head gear into something festive.
                 Duration:  Until dismissed.
Note:  Transformed equipment cannot be hidden in the
user interface.

Jolly Muffs of the Winter Festival Reindeer
T y p e :
                                                   Misc
Quality:
                                                                      Uncommon
Use:
Transforms your head gear into something festive.
                 Duration:  Until dismissed.
Note:  Transformed equipment cannot be hidden in the
user interface.

 216
 Mirae grins, "Who wants one? Between all of
us we killed five imps, a dirty snowman, and a dire
penguin."
 Lilly huffs. "Two more imps over here, no thanks
to you."
 Annette says, "I'll take a reindeer." Mirae forks a
set of ear muffs over, they're the cutesy cloth antlers
that you can find in party stores.
 "You look like a proper Jackalope." I take a
Santa hat, and everyone else follows. I raise a brow,
"Who got the penguin? I didn't see it."
 Lilly asks, "Ain't those supposed to be rabbits?"
 I shrug. "Close enough."
 "I guess Frobod.  It was near the mammoth
tracks."
 I bend down to collect the loot, finding another
hat and placing it in my inventory. "Ho ho ho." The
parallel between the red loot bag, and a Santa sack is
not lost on me. "What do you think these will sell for
back in Durolan?"
 217

Coldfire Bracers of the Invoker
T y p e :
                                                                  Cloth
Slot:
                                                                               Wrist
Quality:
                                                                                Rare

Equipped Bonus:
 Intelligence +2, Stamina + 2
Special Properties:

20% Cold Resistance, +10% Mana Regeneration

 Tako says, "Probably a lot since it's a seasonal
item, and everyone's stuck here."
 I nod. "I guess there will be more demand for
vanity items this year since we can't log out and
experience them in real life." I hold up the bracers.
"Anyone need them?"
 Mirae shakes her head, "I've got better."
 Lilly also shakes her head no.
 "Guild vault then unless..."  I give Annette a look.
"Can you use these?"
 218
 I hand the item over.   She studies them for a
long moment.  Tako looks agha st that I'm offering  loot
to an NPC.  I don't care, she's in our party, and the
longer we're stuck in game, the more the distinction
between player and non-player character seems to fade.
I consider reminding him that his girlfriend, is a digital
construct now that she's digitized, but that feels mean
so I ignore him.
 Annette rolls up her sl eeves, straps them over
her fur, and nods her head.
 "They'll help you with ca sting.  Everything good
for everyone else?"
 T a k o  s h r u g s .  " S a w  a n o t h e r  p a c k  o f  f i v e  o r  s i x ,
but they were going the opposite direction."
 It's at this point that  Frobod and Krynn arrive,
the dwarf sitting on the mammoth's back, and the
death knight perched on the barge itself beside one of
the ice golems.
 "Caster bracers dropped. I assume you didn't
want them, but if you do you can roll for them like
usual."
 He shakes his head no.  "Who did they go do?"
 "Annette."
 219
 "Huh..." He takes in Annette's appearance for
a long time, even though the items are now hidden
beneath her coat. "Merry Christmas."
 "I'm Jewish."
 "Oh... I forgot.  Happy Hanukkah then."
 "Thanks."
 Krynn calls down from his Mammoth.  "We're
almost there.   Pretty soon you'll get yer face time with
Ureota and I'll deliver my goods to the elves."
 I glance to Lilly knowing what she's thinking.
'What about the other patrol?'  It kinda sucks that she
hasn't been able to tame anything. "Let's keep following
the quest. If at the end of this you don't catch anything,
I promise I'll Thunder Bridge us back to the arctic so
you can catch some later."
 That steals away some of her salt.  "Whenever I
want?"
 "Hey, if we get more summoners in the guild we
can make it a thing. The mo re out of the way places
with no portals I visit, the more exotic creatures you
can collect."
 "Alright." Lilly nods. "Your Christmas gift from
m e  i s  g o n n a  b e  a  b u n c h  o f  m a p s  t o  t h e  a s s  e n d  o f
nowhere."
 220
 "You're so thoughtful."  I pause. "I thought
you were supposed to keep gifts a secret."
 "I forgot. So sue me."
 I look to Krynn.  "Does Ureota have a lair?"
 "He does, but yer just as likely to find him out
near the border of the vale.  I want ye to take me to the
border, once there, I'll tell ye how to get to the old
wyrm's home."
 Contrary to Krynn's proclamation, it takes nearly
forty five minutes to reach the edge of San'ta Vale due
to more and more frequent Coldfire Imp attacks, paired
with a few chance encounters with dire polar bears,
snowmen and tainted penguins . Every single time Lilly
tries to tame something, fate conspires to snatch it
from her grasp.
 "Oh, come on!" She kicks the corpse of a dire
polar bear before it despawns. "I was this close." She
measures with her knobby thumb and forefinger, "And
this thing decides to get hungry?"
 S h e  p u l l s  t h e  b o d y  o f  a  C o l d f i r e  M a g e  f r o m  i t ' s
mouth. It despawns leaving a red sack of goods in its
place.
 Tako grins, finding the goblin's predicament
h i l a r i o u s .  " W e ' v e  g o t  b e a r  m e a t  i f  w e  d e c i d e  t o
barbeque."
 221
 Annette surprises me by kneeling over the
great animal, and performing the Rite of Gratitude.
"This fur will keep us warm."
 Good job.
  I guess it's easier for her to remember than most
players since this crazy world is her real life. A couple of
times she got hit by imps bringing her dangerously
close to entering the blood rage, which would have
forced her to attack anything, friend or foe, she could
sink her claws into. I totally understood when she chose
to fall back to healing. She's steadily improving on the
mending front, delivering mini heals whenever
someone takes damage, thus giving Mirae more time on
her bow. All in all, her training's coming along nicely.
 Annette looks to Lilly, "I don't understand why
your magic won't work on arrows. Healing is hard
because of range. If I could just put healing spells on
my arrows, there'd be no problem."
 "It doesn't work that wa y. Only daggers, knives,
and short swords, and you have to stab someone to
trigger the spell. There's no point in healing if you're
going to hurt someone in the process."
 Annette sighs, "There's got to be a way."
 I don't know how to explain that the game just
wasn't built that way. I try to comfort her by saying,
 222
"Maybe some time in th e future someone will figure
out how."  Mental translation: Maybe there will be new
casting options in a future update.

 223


Chapter 9 - Sacrifice

 We're standing at the edge of San'ta Vale, a
snowy gentle sloping valley with evergreens that have
been largely absent from the Arctica landscape.  It feels
indescribably peaceful. I can feel myself wanting to
walk forward and forget the monsters we've been
battling in the last few hours. I see no signs of
habitation, but I can tell that the Vale is no small place.
 "Deals a deal then, give me yer map." I hand it
over. "Ye'll find Ureota's lair here." A red mark appears
beneath his gloved fingertip. "Not too far."
 I nod and take it back. "Thanks."
 "When yer done, come back  here, and I'll tell you
the elves' verdict on whet her ye can come in." Under
normal circumstances I'd be tempted to ask, '... but how
will you know if we're done?' but here, in a game, I'm
 224
just going to assume magic. "Be safe. Ureota's
ornery at the best of times, and these are not the best of
times."
 "We will."
 "In that case," He gives us a toothy grin from
behind his icicle encrusted beard. "Be gone with ye." He
waves and descends the gentle  slope.  I notice two of
the ice golems in back are sticking their spears in the
snow to create drag so the barge doesn't slide faster
than the pace of the mammoth. Our direfox mounts
follow, running around each other, jumping, rolling,
and playing in the snow, ha ppy to have reached their
destination.
 "I think I'll miss them. Is it possible to get one as
a mount in Haven?"
 Mirae shakes her head no. "I know, right?
They're adorable. There's nothing that fast on the
ground available outside of quests, unless you've got
something from Freeworld."
 I sigh, and stretch. "Next stop Ureota."  I wave
my middle finger in the air and shout "INFERNO!!!"
then pump my fist and say  "Let's ride."
 The elechoppers pop into existence with the
sounds of hungry engine gu rgles, and bursts of color
 225
corresponding with their elements. I straddle Big
Red, Annette sits behind Mirae, and we all lift off the
ground.
 "What are the odds I can tame Ureota?"
 "None?"  I give the goblin a look.
 "We have to take his heart for the quest."
 "It's a frost wyrm. Maybe he has two."
 T a k o  s a y s ,  " I ' m  n o  e x p e r t  o n  f r o s t  w y r m
physiology, but I'm pretty su re it doesn't work that
way."
 L i l l y  s i g h s .  " I ' m  p r e t t y  s u r e  I  a i n ' t  b r i n g i n '
nothin' home for the holidays."
 "Dude!" Mirae says, "We should do secret Santas
w h e n  w e  g e t  b a c k .   I ' v e  n e v e r  d o n e  i t  i n  g a m e  b u t  i t
could be so much fun."
 I spare her a glance, and then look to Frobod.
 "I'm game once we finish this quest. If the logout
button's permanently re-enabled, and I build up the
c o u r a g e  t o  s i g n  b a c k  i n ,  I ' m  d o w n  f o r  s o m e  S a n t a
action."
 I frown. "What do you mean build up the
courage?  Are you leaving us?" I mean... It's not like
we're a couple but... Okay, we're totally not a couple so
I shouldn't be thinking about this.
 226
 He must have picked up on a sour note in my
v o i c e .  " T h e  g a m e ' s  a l r e a d y  m e s s e d  u p  o n c e  i n  a  r e a l l y
spectacular way.  I don't know if coming back is worth
risking my freedom. Maybe we can play some other
game."
 I sigh. "I guess... It's  just... This is where
Jordan's legacy is. Everything Archangel's said has
been true.  If we complete the quest, logout gets re-
enabled.   There's no reason you shouldn't be able to log
in and out when you want."
 " I ' l l  h a v e  t o  t h i n k  o n  i t  w h e n  I ' m  o u t .  F o r  n o w ,
I'm focused on making up for a lost birthday, ya know?"
 I nod.
 "I know it's not my fault we're stuck in here, but
I worry about everyone. Mandy, even my ex wife since
she hasn't been receivin g child support for a few
months."
 I frown. "I take it Mandy's your daughter?"
Frobod nods. "Your wife, you still love her?"
 Frobod shakes his head. "Ex-wife, and no, not
like that, but I've got responsibilities that I haven't been
living up to since I got stuck in game.  It's hard for a
single mom to take care of two people when she's been
used to getting a check every month. I worry about
things. Does she have enough cash to make the rent, if
 227
she's got rent, is there f ood on the table? Did she
have to find an extra part time job, putting Mandy in
child care, or on her own in  the evenings? Those kinds
of things."
 "I see your point."  I trail, having never been
responsible for another human before. "We'll try not to
dawdle."
 "Are you worried about your job?"
 He shakes his head no. "Not really. It's easy
when you're your own boss."
 I raise a brow, having never asked him what his
real world profession was.  "I'm a DJ. I might have to
figure out about some recu rring gigs I haven't been
doing, but beyond that...  My guys who helped out were
all part time."
 I laugh. "Wow, I can't believe it. Some how I
never pictured you as a DJ."
 He shrugs. "What did you think I was?"
 "I don't know. Something more serious, like
pharmaceutical salesman, an office worker or
something." Office worker, of course being a relative
term, the vast majority of people telecommute to
virtual work environments, these days.
 Frobod returns the laugh, "No, no cubicles. I'm
an entrepreneur, carving my own destiny."
 228
 I consider that, and measure it against his
behavior since Archange l; his single minded
determination to do what need ed to be done to get out.
"I think I get that. Being an  entrepreneur that is, and
having a hand in your own fate.  Being stuck here
doesn't sit well with you."
 B y  w a y  o f  a g r e e m e n t ,  h e  s i m p l y  s t a t e s ,  " I t
doesn't."
 "Ya know, Rob and I talked about whether or not
to come back in game. For me, I'm gonna risk it.  As
soon as I get the logout option, I'm headin' back to
Cupcake Keep, spendin' a nice night with my man, and
then signing the fuck out to see my family.  We'll have a
nice dinner, tell Ma we're okay .   I'll let em' know all
about life post-Archangel, before comin' back to you
guys. If I get stuck again, so be it.  My guy's here and
that means this is where I've gotta be."
 I look to Tako, "What are you going to do when
we get out?"
 He shrugs. "For the holidays? Chill with family,
and watch old Christmas movies I guess. I'm also gonna
talk to Mirae's family to let em' know she's still alive in
here."
 "I don't envy you."
 He looks to me.  "What do you mean?"
 229
 "What are the odds that they'll accept that
she's been digitized? It's not exactly tech that was
available on the open market."
 Confusion clouds his voice. "They should be
happy, right?"
 "They should..." Should being the operative word.
I trail, trying to find the right words. "Speaking as
someone whose lost a family  member while they were
still young, the message could either be a ray of hope,
or salt in an open wound." I can sense the question in
the air between us, but he says nothing. "When my
brother died, my mom didn't  want to hear anything
about the supernatural. No ghosts, nothing. She just
wanted to put Jordan to rest, so she could imagine him
in a happy afterlife. Anything that threatened that
world view made her really uneasy, like she might have
to start worrying about him all over again."
 He starts, "Yeah, but this is different..."
 Mirae nods. "Once the logout's fixed they can
even come here to visit. It'll be like old times."
 I sigh, unconvinced. "Just be careful. Grief is a
touchy thing. The things that'll give some people hope,
are the same that'll suck all the joy out of another
person's world." I look to Mirae, "Are your folks
religious?"
 230
 "Eh... So so. We went to church on Christmas
and Easter."
 "Crieasters." I chuckle, trying to remember who
introduced me to the te rm. "Who knows then? I
imagine digitization is a lot harder for the truly devout
to accept."
 I pause to think on it. What happens to the soul
of a consciousness that has di gitized? Does it go on as
a spirit contained in an inorganic body, or does the
digital copy remain as devo id of spiritual essence as
the hardware that created it? I don't know. Glancing at
Mirae I don't want to ponder the implications, but I like
to think she's a ghost in a machine.
 I point,  "Over there."
 We're coming up on a wide yawning cave with a
great bolder propped beside the entrance.  Long ice
stalactites give the opening teeth like a gaping maw.
 We drop to the ground and Frobod dismounts,
equipping his weapon.  "This looks like it."
 I confirm by checking the moving map, and
seeing we're right on top of the mark Krynn made.
"Buff up." I wipe my hands together to trigger the
macro I made to cast the Enhanced Dexterity and
Enhanced Vitality buffs.
 231
 Woooooooosh. A whistling wind. Thump-
bump. Thump-bump. A heart beat sounds in my ears. I
equip Bite, and push myself through the katas required
to cast my Flow Like Water defense.   Three new buff
icons appear in the upper right hand corner of my
vision.

Enhanced Dexterity.
Dexterity increased by 10%.
Duration: 60 minutes remaining.

Enhanced Vitality.
Regeneration Increased by 10%.
Duration: 60 minutes remaining.

Flow Like Water (10)
Negates 10 physical damage.
Duration: 30 minutes remaining, or until 10 damage
has been nullified.

 Frobod casts the Elemental Weapon spell Leroy
taught him in Hades.   A moment later, the entire
length of his Greatsword ignites like a torch. I totally
forgot about that spell. I too cast Elemental Weapon,
along with Tako.   His daggers burn  where as my staff,
 232
already an elemental weapon, has small arcs of
electricity rising up and falling at either end,
interrupted  by subtle  tongue s of fire that leap to kiss
them every few seconds.
  "Looks like we're ready to go."  I say, then look to
Annette. "Hang back with Mirae if you want to focus on
healing." She takes a sharp breath. Not wanting to set
her rage into high gear by implying that she's useless, I
follow up with. "This is wh ere I always put ranged
attackers and healers. We get hit so you don't have to."
 She nods and flicks her  larger than life rat tail in
understanding.
 Into the mouth of the cave rn we go; into the lair
of the beast. My first impressions are not encouraging.
A smear of blood stripes a cold grey wall, with dark
splotches of red beneath our feet. What was killed here?
I grip Bite tighter, taking  point because I'm tank and
that's my job. I try listenin g for sounds up ahead, but I
can't make anything out just  yet. The only nice thing
about this place is a gentle blue magic hanging about
the ceiling painting the en vironment in comfortable
light.  I imagine it's so the resident  can see.
 I wonder if Ureota's a mage.
 233
 A crash sounds deeper in  the passage, I stop,
look back and communicate via party chat. "What was
it?"
 Mirae tilts her head to listen.  "Don't know.
Doesn't sound like fighting."
 I try to make out another sound but it's quiet, at
least up until the moment another stony crash hits all
our ears.
 "I don't think it's fighting but be careful."  I
continue my advance.
 We come to a ledge overlooking a room with a
shallow pond filled with crystal clear water.  Beside it is
a giant serpentine body wi th shiny frostlike scales,
smeared with bright red blood.  It's head somehow
reminds me of a lion, or a Chinese dragon, with a mane
composed of rumpled snow colored skin, and the long
whiskers of a bottom feeding fish. Clumsy smears of
blood decorate the wall nearest its head.
 "I think it's dead."
 Mirae asks, "What is?"
 "Ureota."
 Tako asks, "Are you sure?"
 "No."
 Mirae asks, "What killed it?"
 234
 I find it amusing that they're all whispering
in spite of using party chat since  no one else can hear.
 Frobod joins me at the front of our procession,
and looks down.  "I don't know. Maybe another group?"
 I shrug.  "Haven't seen anyone else since we got
here. Let's go."
 There's a passageway to our left that  descends
toward the pond.   We take it down, and as soon as we
step into the chamber the whit e wyrm's body moves.  It
slowly, groggily,  raises it's head, looks to either side,
and then smashes itself into the cavern wall. It doesn't
seem to have seen us. A new splotch of red appears
where it impacts. Ureota rears up, and once again beats
his face into the side of the cave.
 Mirae looks confused. "What the..?"
 Tako eyes the monster skeptically. "Is he bugged?
 My grip is just beginning to relax on my weapon,
when suddenly Ureota's head snaps around, and
flickers a forked tongue at us. "Tressspasssers!" His
eyes burn with the same bl ue fire as the imps and
tainted Kryobeavers.  The left half of his face is red,
broken, and pulpy.
 I'm about to launch into an attack with Bite,
when the fire goes out,  le aving only glacial blue eyes
with slitted pupils.
 235
 "Help me." Blue light flickers in his eyes,
trying to take control.  "Winter said you'd come. "I
must die." The creature abruptly turns, and beats it's
head against the wall, redu cing it's own health by
another ten percent.  "Kill me. Save Great Uncle Winter.
Help Winter." The wyrm moans and snaps at
something that's not there.  "Get out! I'm not... I'm not
me anymore!"
 The liquid splat sound of  the wyrm's head hitting
the side of the cave makes me feel a little queasy.
Ureota falls to the ground limp.
 "Is he dead?" Lilly asks.
 I shake my head.  "Just knocked out."
 Frobod hefts his greatsword looking unsure. "So
we're just supposed to kill him while he's unconscious?
Not quite what I expected."
  Mirae says, "I could try to heal him?"
 Lilly shakes her head. "What and have him
attack us? We came for his heart, remember?"
 The end of Ureota's body twitches. Screw it. "All
in!"
 I rush forward and bring Bite down hard on the
monster's body, sending animated wires of lightning
crawling over his skin. Frobod chops with his
greatsword leaving an ugly ccsh nearer to his head, and
 236
Mirae looses one of her green arrows.  Aside from
the occasional twitching Ureota fails to move or even
try to fight back.
 Tako says. "It's not even a challenge."
 Frobod shrugs, swinging his sword back and
chopping again at the same sp ot he made his first cut.
"It's the objective of the quest. Not gonna complain if
nothing tries to kill us."
 Lilly says,  "I'm just gonna let you melee people
deal with this.  I'm gonna save my manna and spells."
 I nod. In a final moment of bloody butchery,
Frobod swings, and deca pitates the wyrm. Blood
spatter hits me in the face.  I don't know whether to feel
horrified or grateful that it's done. "Does anyone feel as
weird about this as I do? I mean... It's one thing when
they're fighting back but this...." I shake my head.
 Lilly says, "I feel ya."
 The body despawns, leav ing a red velvet Santa
sack in it's place. I open it, not actually wanting to find
good loot for such an easy kill.
 237

Ureota's Heart
Quest Item

Description:
 Offer this to Winter to help restore her power.

Jolly Muffs of the Winter Festival Reindeer
T y p e :
                                                   Misc
Quality:
                                                                      Uncommon
Use:
Transforms your head gear into something festive.
                 Duration:  Until dismissed.
Note:  Transformed equipment cannot be hidden in the
user interface.

 "Heart and antlers." I hold them both up, then
gesture to Annette.  "Take the heart, since you're
making the offering to Winter. Anyone want antlers?"
 Tako grins, "I'll take them." Clearly he's not
bothered by the ease of this  battle, if it can even be
called that.
 238
 I sigh, staring at the place the loot bag had
occupied. Six months ago this wouldn't have bothered
me, but now? Helpless creatures actually feel helpless
since there's no way for us to go home and put them out
of sight and out of mind.
 Mirae must see me staring, because I feel her
h a n d  o n  m y  a r m .  " H e  k n e w  h e  w a s  b e i n g  c o r r u p t e d ,
and we did him a favor."
 "You're right...  I don't know why I'm weirded
out by this."
 Frobod asks, "Do we have to go all the way back
to where we found Winter for the turn in?"
* * * * *
 I shake my head.  "I don't think so.  She's a spirit
so... I think Annette can call he r like any other spirit.
Let's go outside and give it a shot."
 Outside the cave, I'm glad not to see any imps.
There's nothing more annoyi ng than having a random
patrol interrupt your ritual. The environment's quiet
save for our boots crunching in the snow.  The air is
crisp and fresh, a slap in the face of the butchery we
just completed.
 Annette looks to me, "I don't have any seeds or
nuts."
 239
 I shake my head.  "I doubt that's what
Winter's interested in.  Close your eyes and remember
what it was like to be in her presence. Once you lock on
that memory and association, hold you hands up, the
same as your did with the seeds, only replace them with
Ureota's heart."
  She follows my instructions, kneeling in the
snow, and holding the heart above her head as if in
offering to the sun.  The wind stirs in an otherwise calm
day. Annette looks serine... as serene as any Rodekin
can look in their war form.  It takes longer than I expect,
in fact... I'm beginning to worry that Frobod might be
right about having to return to the chasm with the
Kryobeavers, but another stirring of the wind gives me
hope. Annette's still concentrating, so I leave her to it,
knowing I won't be helping anyone if I break her focus.
 Finally,it seems like an eternity... The ethereal
outline of the woman battling tainted ice creatures
begins to take form. She becomes more solid,  setting
her non-existent feet in the bedroom slippers of
physicality. She looks tired, the light in her eyes not
quite as bright as it'd been when we last met.
 "Child of Rat..." She says.
 Annette holds the massive heart to her. "It's
Ureota's."
 240
 Winter closes her eyes and takes an
exhausted sigh of relief. "T hank you." As soon as she
touches it, it pulses with magical white light.  She
cradles the organ like a baby, and presses her cheek to
it.  "Thank you."
 Tako scrunches his no se. "That's morbid."
 ... and yet he had no problem butchering a
defenseless frost wyrm.
 Annette stands. "I don't know what to do now.
I'm new to this."
 Winter ignores her for a moment, given the
grisly scene we just came  from, I half expect the
elemental to eat it. Instead,  her chest opens as though
having a hither to invisible mouth; an open portal to
her internal anatomy. The wyrm's heart shines bright
as she brings it closer, until tendrils of spirit reach out
and embrace it like little arms. They hug the organ
close to her body as it sinks deeper into her chest cavity,
each moment shining brighter until we're all forced to
squint and shield our eyes with open palms.
 The light vanishes.  The heart's gone, and Winter
is beautiful and radiant as if in a dream.
 Winter's voice is strong now.  "Child of Rat, you
need guidance.  Help me restore winter's balance, and I
will be your guide."
 241
 Yes, quest objective!
 "How do I... We do that?"
 "Find the source of the corrupted, and cleanse it.
I will aid you in your quest."
 Frobod says, "Krynn says the ugly's thicker here,
so I say we start with the San'ta. These are probably
linked quests."
 I nod.  "That's what I was going to suggest
anyways."
 "Go now, before the corruption is complete. To
call on me, repeat the rite you just performed, or
quench a flame in my honor."
 I look to Annette. "Since we're about to meet a
reclusive tribe of Elves, it might not be a bad idea to
drop back down into human shape."
 Frobod asks, "What's the plan if they won't let us
in?"
 "They will, otherwise we  wouldn't have a quest
to go see them."
 The death knight nods.  "That makes sense."

 242



Chapter 10 - San'ta

 We find Krynn waiting for us at the gently
sloping entrance to San'ta  Vale, with another figure,
taller than him, and a touch shorter than me in a bulky,
hooded fur coat. He has a thin blonde beard, almond
eyes, and gloved fingers.
 "Lady Lord Melpomine." I check his nameplate
to see who I'm dealing with, as it turns out, we're
meeting a celebrity.
 243

Fiodrill
Type:                       NPC
Race:              Elf (San'ta)
Appearance:           6
Challenge:           Hard

 "It seems my reputation proceeds me.  Lord
Fiodrill" I trail. "The doll maker?"
 "Yes, yes." He says a touch impatiently if I'm not
mistaken, though it is subtle.  Perhaps toy making is
serious business in Arctica and he's burdened by
adoring fans.  "Are you the one with the Dolly?"
 "We are." I'm sure to include we so that he
understands that everyone in the party comes as a
package deal.
 "May I see it?"
 I raise a brow and exchange looks with Mirae
and Frobod before pulling the Mangled Dolly out of
inventory. "Sure..." I hold it out to him.
 He takes it in his hands and immediately looks
under the dress.
 Tako snickers.  "Perv."
 244
 The elf sighs, the unease draining out of his
body language. Perhaps I was too quick to judge his
earlier reaction to my greeting. "It's real. You have my
apologies. You wouldn 't believe how many
warmlanders try to sneak in here with fakes, forged
documents, or pretending some legitimate business."
 Tako says, "Man, I hate when people try to get in
my house with fake toys. I feel ya."
 Fiodrill doesn't seem to catch the sarcasm,
because he nods gravely, giving the doll another look
over, noting the patches of burned fabric. "Horrible...
So horrible what happened."
 Tako wears an expression  that suggests Fiodrill
takes his toy maintenance way too seriously, but I'm
not convinced that's the issue.
 Frobod asks, "What exactly did happen?"
 The elf sighs. "A sad story, and one directly
related to our current struggles .  Please join me to find
her parents. You are welcome in San'ta vale."
 We begin our descent and the air feels lighter, as
if this entire section of the map falls under the umbrella
of divine protection. It's peaceful and winter vegetation
grows more lush with tall evergreens and snow covered
branches.
 245
 "Is this like... " Tako muses, "A  thing where
people call their dogs children, but with dolls?"
 I scowl, but Fiodrill answer s. "No. If only it was.
I speak of the parents of the girl who owned this doll."
 That's surprising. "You remember them?"
 "Of course."  Fiodrill says. "I remember all my
custom creations, especially th is one. It's rare that one
of our number meets their final end, especially one so
young."
 Mirae looks to her boyfriend. "It did come from
Hades, remember. There's only so many ways to create
a relic."
 "Indeed." Fiodrill says. "T his doll was well loved.
She named it Samantha."
 I look to the Elf, "What was the girl's name?"
 "Reilynn, or Rei for short."
 Snow crunches underfoot.
 As we proceed deeper into the Vale I discover
more signs of habitation. Occasional trees sparkle with
white fairy lights, which become colored as we draw
closer to the village. Then, as if stepping through a
magic mirror, a winter wonderland appears. One step
nothing, just trees and snow ahead, the next our vision
is obscured by a pink fog, and the step after that...
 246
Candy cane fence posts, happy snowmen, and a sign
that reads "Winterland."
 A red sleigh is parked just outside the candy
cane gate, behind hedges trimmed to resemble nine
reindeer.
 I think the snowman are ordinary children's
creations, until one bows, removing it's top hat, and
winks a coal eye. "Happy Wi nterfest, and welcome to
Winterland!"
 The residents I see on the well plowed street,
poke each other's should ers, point and murmur
shocked words that sound like "Visitors!"
"Adventurers!" and " Are they here to save Great Uncle
Winter?" I'm half expecting them all to burst into a
Disney musical number. Every single building is strung
up with holiday lights, and gaudy holiday decorations,
giant snowflakes, jolly snow men, and sculptures of
laughing bearded fat men in red suits.
 The San'ta themselves are much the same height
as other elves, taller than gnomes and goblins, a few
inches shorter than me. Thei r features could best be
described as Nordic Asian, w i t h  l o n g  b l o n d e  h a i r  a n d
blue eyes fit for any valkyrie, and the round single
eyelided faces I'd come accustomed to seeing in Korea.
 247
 I look to Fiodrill.  "You don't get many
tourists I take it."
 A street side vendor sips a steaming cup of cider,
beside a table full of heavy wool blankets, and quilts
embroidered with Christmas trees, snow flakes, milk,
cookies, and reindeer.  A whiff of cinnamon creeps
under my nose as a cozy cafe door opens and shuts
behind a blonde haired, red and green beanie wearing
customer in a warm coat.
 "You could say that."  His voice is hesitant in a
way that suggests he can't te ll whether  I'm cracking a
joke, or not. "Few warmlanders come to Winterland."
 "At least it's not Christmasland." We pass an
eighty foot tree, covered in  lights  with reflective
baubles the size of watermelons.  Fiodrill, Frobod, and
Lilly give me inquisitive look s. "It's from a book a read
about a guy who kidnaps children and brings them to
'Christmasland' where they lose all sense of morality."
 Frobod says, "I must have missed that one."
 In time we break away from the main street
which serves as a marketpl ace filled with toy stores,
clothiers, restaurants, and every type of shop you can
imagine for Santa's gifts in between. The residential
homes, log cabins and winter cottages, also have
 248
Christmas lights, but the decorations are more
subdued; the kind that make you want to go inside and
curl up in front of a nice fire.
 "Here we are..." Fiodrill speaks in a solemn tone.
"This is the home of little Rei' s family." He sighs, as if
confessing a terrible secret, "The only San'ta in
Winterland who dread this holiday season. They aren't
expecting visitors, and adventurers are rare so perhaps
I should knock on the door first."
 "We're guests. Do what you think is right."
 He nods. "Just a moment ."  He walks to the
front porch leaving footstep s behind him. A collection
of gaily wrapped gifts decorates the doorstep beside a
mini-Christmas tree, and a mail box, sheltered from the
snow. I wonder how long it's been since the family has
left this home. Maybe it wa s snowy before we arrived
Perhaps they've lost the will for holiday cheer, and the
endurance for Winterland's festive atmosphere.
 The door opens.  A San'ta woman answers in her
bathrobe, and flickers her eyes between Fiodrill and our
party. Her eyes are dark, and hair disheveled, which is
impressive given that Elves don't require much sleep. A
few moments later Fiodrill motions with his wrist
 249
inviting us to come forward.  He bends down to pick
up some of the porch gifts.
 "Lady Lord Melpomine, Miss Annette, Lord
Frobod, Lord TakoStar, Lady Lord SalemLilly, Lady
Lord Mirae...  This is Alvawynn, Rei's mother."
 "Please come in."  Her vo ice is tired as she steps
out of the way, as we enter, I see many more gifts,
perhaps from the porch, lining the walls of a living
room with a careless Christmas tree, and a weak fire.
 Boot steps on wood sound as a man descends
from upstairs, a blonde San'ta man, in a work shirt and
simple brown trousers. "Who's there?"
 The woman looks over her shoulder."It's Fiodrill,
and a collection of adventurers.  He says it's about
Reilynn."
 He meets my green eyes  with his blue ones,
devoid of holiday cheer. "What about her?"
 Fiodrill says, "This is Perolon, Rei's father."
 I glance at the others in the party, and they
aren't saying anything. "We found something that
might have belonged to your daughter."
 "There's no might about it. That's the doll I
made for her."
 250
 Perolon looks to Fiodrill. "That doll's all
b u r n e d  u p .  H e  t o o k  i t  f r o m  u s  t h e  s a m e  d a y  h e  t o o k
her."
 "Yes, indeed, but..."
 "... but what?  Is this your idea of a joke? Bring
m e  a  r e p l i c a  t o  s p r e a d  s o m e  o f  y o u r  d a m n e d  h o l i d a y
cheer?"
 He kicks one of the wrapped presents in the
entry hall. "I've had it with your consolations. Take
your doll, and tell everyone in the market to stop
leaving  presents. We're not doing Winterfest this year."
 Fiodrill gasps, scandalized.  You'd think Perolon
just proclaimed that he'd sta bbed the San'ta deity. "Not
doing Winterfest?"
 "We're not doing it!"
 Alvawynn, touches her husband's arm. "Just go
back upstairs. I'll deal with the adventurers."
 "I'm not going upstairs ." His voice is stern
implying there will be no argument. He looks to me,
then to Fiodrill, then his wife, as if caught, not sure
w h a t  t o  s a y .  " . . .  I  w a n t  s o m e  p o r r i d g e . "  H e  a b r u p t l y
turns, and walks off, retreating into what I can only
assume is their kitchen.
 251
 Alvawynn shakes her head. "He's not doing
so well.  Please, sit down."  She leads us into the family
room, gesturing to number of chairs.  She seems to
realize that there aren't quite enough for everyone in
our party, and sits cross legged on the floor. Instead of
taking one of the seats, our entire group joins her on
the ground. "Now, what's this all about?"
 Fiodrill motions to me.  "Show her."
 I pull the Mangled Dolly from my pack, and give
it to her.  A white hand rises to her mouth,  and then
tears leak from her eyes.
 She wipes them, embarrassed, and sniffs hard.
"Where did you get this?"
 "We found it..."  Frobod says.
 I finish his sentence. "... in Hades." I feel bad for
her. "We thought we should bring it back, and that you
might be looking for it."
 252

You have gained 3000 personal reputation with
Alvawynn.
Current level. Respected.

You have gained 1500 reput ation with the San'ta
Elves.
Current level. Friendly.

 Alvawynn nods, wiping mo re tears from her face.
Her voice breaks as she says, "It's just so hard to accept
that she's really gone,  and Great Uncle Winter at
that..."
 Frobod asks, "What does this have to do with
Great Uncle Winter?"
 "He's a madman! Ever since the snow rats got
into his stash he's been going bad."
 Annette looks to me and whispers, "Great Uncle
Winter's like Santa right?"  I nod.  "How does Santa go
bad?"
 I shake my head and whisper back. "I don't
know."
 Alvawynn says, "I can hear you."
 Damn elven hearing.
 253
 She sniffles and says, "You've done me a
kindness coming all this way to bring back little Rei's
dolly, so I'll tell you a secret about Great Uncle Winter."
All of us perk up, sensing the next leg of the quest. "Do
you know why people leave milk and cookies on the last
day of Winterfest?"
 "Uhmm.. Because Santa likes them?"
 Alvawynn seems confused by Tako's statement.
 "He means Great Uncle Winter."
 The elf nods. "Yes, but it's more important than
that. He needs milk and cookies to maintain his
essential goodness. He's a ma gical being, like a God.
Without them, the land becomes corrupted, he
becomes evil, and winter  becomes as cold and
permanent as his black heart."
 "All of this over milk and cookies?"
 Alvawynn nods. "They ar e essential for keeping
Great Uncle Winter good. On top of that, after he eats
his fill he sleeps for a very long time, while we, the elves
of the San'ta get to work on making next year's toys."
 Frobod asks, "What exactly do you mean by
Evil?"
 "After Uncle woke up, th is typically happens in
early Autumn everyone was happy to see him.
 254
I n c l u d i n g  R e i .  W e  d i d n ' t  k n o w  h e  w a s  i n  a  b a d
mood.  How could we? Who's ever heard of a
cantankerous Great Uncle Winter?"
 I shake my head. "Not me, but what..."
 Alvawynn speaks over my  question. "She ran up
to him for a hug as children often do. He had a lantern,
and broke it over her he ad spilling burning oil
everywhere.  She screamed."
 Frobod looks a little pale. "Jesus." I can only
imagine what's going through his head.
 Alvawynn swallows hard. "She screamed, but we
couldn't put the fire out... Uncle looked at us and said,
'Shut the brat up.'  I ran fo r her of course, but I was too
slow. No one else moved. I think they were in shock.
This wasn't the Great Uncle Winter we knew and loved.
He picked her up by the coat,  impervious to the flames
and threw her head first against a stone wall. She was
dead before she hit the ground, as her body lie burning.
We couldn't even see her blood against the red suit.  "
 Frobod clinches his fists. "We're going after that
fucker."  Tears roll down Alvawynn's face.  "We're going
to kill him."
 She shakes her head no. "You can't kill Great
Uncle Winter. He's immortal. He must be redeemed."
 255
 Speaking in a dangerous voice, Frobod says,
"Then tell us how to redeem him."
 Alvawynn sobs. "Milk and cookies!"
 I put a calming hand on Frobod's arm. "I don't
mean to make light of th e situation, but why hasn't
anyone baked more cookies for him? There are a lot of
elves here, and what happened to his old supply?"
 The elf woman sniffles. "An abominable snow rat
infestation got to his stash before he woke up. by the
time he was awake, there weren't enough to tip the
balance for the year toward goodness. We didn't realize
at first until it was too late."
 "Okay..." I consider. "That explains what
happened to his stash, but not why you can't make
anymore."
 "We can make more cookies, and believe me our
bakers are turning them out by the hundreds, by the
thousands even, but they aren't good enough.  There's
only a few recipes in the world that can correct a
goodness deficit like this, and restore balance, and we
don't have them. If we'd known about the issue right
away we might have been ok ay, but weeks had gone by
before Great Uncle Winter turned violent. By that time
it was already too late."
 256
 Frobod takes a deep breath. "Alright. So how
do we get one of these redemption recipes, and why
don't you already have them?"
 "Centuries ago, the last time Great Uncle Winter
turned evil, a third of our number abandoned Arctica
taking the recipes with them. There was a revolt, as
they felt that Great Uncle Winter had bound them in
slavery. Today, they are known as the Ke'bla, though
they are even more reclusive than the San'ta for fear of
bondage."
 Frobod says, "So you're te lling us we have to find
these Ke'bla elves and convince them to give us a recipe
to save Christmas."
 "Christmas?"  Alvawynn cocks her head.
 "Winterfest." Frobod amends.
 "That's correct."

 257

Quest Complete:  Winter Dungeonland - Part 1

Quest Update:  Winter Dungeonland - Part 2
Difficulty:  Hard

Alvawynn has revealed to you the secret history of
the Ke'bla elves. Find them, retrieve a recipe to
restore great uncle winter, or convince them to
bake the greatest cookies in all the land for you
and bring them back to Winterland.

Objectives:
Retrieve Recipe or Cookies  0/1
Return to Winterland   0/1
Redeem Great Uncle Winter  0/1

Chain Completion Rewards (Choose One):
- A unique evolving weapon (Legendary Potential)
- A unique evolving chest piece (Legendary
Potential)
- A unique evolving helm (Legendary Potential)
- A unique evolving spell (Legendary Potential)
- Logout re-enabled
 258

Additional Rewards (Limited Edition) (Choose One):
- Unlock Rebirthing as Ke'bla Elf
- Unlock Rebirthing as San'ta Elf
- Unlock Rebirthing as Kel'rog Elf

  I ask, "Do you have any idea of where to start?"
 Alvawynn shakes her head no. "If we knew
where they were hiding, some of us would have tried to
reconcile with them long ago."
 Thinking of the Rite of the Seeking stone, I ask,
"Is there anything in Winterland that might have
belonged to one of them? We might be able to use it to
find them with magic."
 Alvawynn's about to say no, when she closes her
mouth and appears thoughtful. "I.. don't know, but..."
 "But?" Frobod asks.
 "There's a woman in to w n  w h o  m a y  b e  a b l e  t o
help you. Her name's Tiasol Her entire family left with
the Ke'bla, but she stayed behind to be with her then
lover, now husband. If anyone has a relic of our lost kin,
it'd be her."
 "You mean she's still aliv e after all this time?"
 259
 Mirae, gives me a look. "We elves are a long
lived race."
 "Huh..." It's weird to think. Before living here,
the longevity of elves was just a list of stats you read in
an info screen, but now I can't help but feel infantile by
comparison.
 I  s t a n d .  " W e ' l l  g o  t a l k  t o  h e r . "  T h e  r e s t  o f  t h e
party follows.
 Alvawynn says, "If you don't find her in town,
check by the lake. She loves skating."





 260



Chapter 11 - Get Your Skate On

 I get why Alvawynn and Perolon have been shut
up in their home when we re-enter the commercial
district. It's too cheerful. A happy snowman tips his hat
and says, "Good day to you! Happy Winterfest!" We
pass a cafe, one of Tiasol's supposed haunts, where a
flustered shop keeper moans, "Oh no! Adventurers! I
just took down the mistletoe!" Mirae and Tako
exchange glances, and Tako plants a kiss on her temple.
Frobod and I settle for an exchanged look.
 The pleasant little woman in her red sweater,
blinding green apron, and holly leaves in her hair acts
as if missing the chance to see adventurers kiss beneath
her mistletoe is the most tragic of holiday tragedies.
 261
She offers a tight smile to Mirae and Tako as if to
say, "Thanks for trying."
 She sighs, "Next time mayhap. What can I get
you? A cup of cocoa to warm your frozen bones?"
 I shake my head no. "We're looking for someone
named Tiasol, do you know her?"
 "I know her." The woman says, "But you just
missed her. I think she said something about buying a
new scarf.  Why don't you check Poinsettia's?  That's
where I'd go to get a new one this time of year."
 I nod my thanks. "We're new around here.  Can
you give us directions?"
 "Oh sure, walk outside. "  She motions with her
hand, "Turn right, and keep walking about two hundred
feet.  You'll see it on the corner."
 "Thank you."
 We turn to go.
 Poinsettia's is a shop th at most definitely lives
u p  t o  i t ' s  n a m e .   O n  i t ' s  r o o f  i s  a  g i a n t  r e d  a n d  g r e e n
plant that serves as a welcome sign.  It's like seeing the
now showing billboard  of a mo vie theater, only floral. I
can't tell if it's actually a plant, some kind of sculpture,
or a magical illusion.
 We walk inside.
 262
 Racks of colored scarves, stylish winter
gloves, and other fashion accessories greet us with
shades of red and green fea turing most prominently. I
stroke the fabric of a deep red scarf that I'd call
burgundy with my fingertip, when a wiry man, in black
slacks and a red vest says, "That color would look
wonderful on you.  It matc hes the lovely Winterfest
cheer of your green eyes."
 "Oh.. err. Thanks. Ac tually, we're looking for
someone named Tiasol. Do you know her?"
 "Lady Tiasol?  Of course. You just missed her.
She bought a new scarf, a bit thicker than that one,
would you like to see?"
 I shake my head,  "Just some pointers on where
to find her, if you have any."
 He grasps the end of his chin like an ice cream
cone. "Well, you might try Frosty Skates. She often goes
there in the morning to see if she has any last minute
students."
 "Students?"
 "She's an ice skating coach."
 "Huh..."  I look to Lilly, who purses her lips.
 The goblin grumbles, "We'll see about that."
 "Thank you. Can you give us directions?"
 263
 "To Frosty's?  Sure.  It's near the lake. Just
follow the road that way." He gestures to the left, "And
take the path to the right just before the residential
district.  You'll see a big snowman. Can't miss it."
 I give him a friendly smile as we depart.
 I look to Lilly with an inquisitive expression. "I
thought you'd have been happy about ice skating."
 "Ice skatin' sure. I'm all about it but she's a
trainer. She doesn't teach skatin', just a bunch of fluff
so people can spend their points. People ain't got
respect for all the hard work it takes to learn how to do
it in the real world."
 "I guess I see your point. I'm no more a martial
artist  in Seattle than you are a summoner."
 "Exactly.  People go to trainers like her and can
do jumps that look cool as shit without actually earning
i t .   I t  b u g s  m e .  I t  b u g s  j u s t  a b o u t  e v e r y o n e  w h o s e  a
pro."
 M y  m i n d  g o e s  b a c k  t o  P e h r o m ' s  r a n t s  a b o u t
Haven cooking being bullshit. "I think I get why your
game character's so different  from what I know about
you in Meatsville. Freehaven Online's about wish
fulfillment, and when you're already an expert you've
accomplished the dream."
 "Whateva you say boss. I just don't like hacks."
 264
 We turn right along a gentle slope leading to
a lake.  A giant illuminate d snowman waves twig arms
like a real world advertising balloon. He wasn't kidding
w he n he  sai d w e  co uldn't  mi s s it . We step inside, and
are greeted by an elf in a black fleece vest with a mini-
holiday wreath pinned to his chest. He's startled at first
to see us, "Adventurers? Happy Winterfest!"
 Lilly says, "Yeah, yeah. We're lookin' for Tiasol,
you seen her?"
 Taken aback, by the Goblin's confrontational
demeanor, the guy behind the counter shakes his head.
"You just missed her."
 "Of course we did. We've been missin' her all
afternoon. What's new?"
 "If you're looking for a lesson, you can find her
on the lake.  She has no s tudents today.  Would you
like..."
 "Guy... No disrespect, but I can skate circles
around that pointy eared..." She fishes for a word,
"Somethin'.  I don't need lessons."
 The shop keeper, Frosty  by the name plate,
(That must be a nickname.)  explodes in a torrent of
laughter. "Ah ha ha!!" He beats the counter with his fist.
" I ' m  s o r r y .   I  a l s o  d o n ' t  m e a n  t o  b e  r u d e ,  b u t  d o  y o u
have any idea what you're saying?" He's still struggling
 265
to keep his giggles under control. "She's Arctica's
three time reigning champion.  It's good to be confident
but..."
 "If that's a challenge, I' ll go  against her any time
or place."
 The mirth leaves Frosty's face.  "You're serious."
 "As a heart attack."  The way she says heart
sounds very Bostony.
 "Let's go down to the lake, and you can show me
your skills. Impress me, and I'll arrange the
competition myself."
 "Sounds great, but what do I get when I win?"
 "What do you want?"
 Lilly looks around the shop, first walking over to
a wall of boots that are on display, and then to a
showcase full of blades which attach separately. "Damn.
You actually got some nice stuff here. Mad respect. I
haven't seen this kind of selection outside a private
collection."
 Frosty puffs up, under the praise. "Winterland
has some of the best blade and boot makers in the
world."
 "If you were the dwarf I'd be laughing, but with
these wares, I believe it. Te ll ya what. I skate against
 266
Tiasol, and if I win she gives me a personal favor."
She mouths the word quest to me.
 "I can't agree for her, but if she's amenable that
should be no probl-"
 "...AND you give me that set of blades." Lilly
grins widely.
 Frosty gags like he's got something caught in his
throat. "Those? Are you sure. Most people can't use
them."
 Curious what all the commotion is all about I
inspect the item.
 267

Ultima Blades of the San'ta
T y p e :
                                                            Misc
(Figure Skating Blades)
Quality:
                                                                                 Epic
Bonus Stats:
+8 Dexterity, +3 Stamina, +4 Charisma

Restrictions:
Must have Skating (Figure Skating): 15 to use.
"Toe pick!"
Use:
Attaches to figure skating boots

Cost:  4,000 Gold

 "Damn. Those are expensive."
 Tako gapes, "They don' t even kill anything."
 "Oh they slay." Lilly pa uses, "The competition!"
She winks and cackles.
 "Oooooggggg. That was painful. You'd really
spend so much money on so mething that doesn't even
help you with questing?"
 268
 "They'll help with skat ing quests, but it don't
matter because I ain't payin' cuz I'm gonna win."
 Frosty, now coming out of his shock says, "I
can't give you a set of our best blades based on one
match." Lilly frowns. "I'm willi ng to lend them to you if
you win, and agree to sign a magical contract. Come
back for our annual competition, and if you place then,
they are yours."
 Before anyone has time  to react, Lilly says,
"Done," She looks to me. "I just got a quest. Now lets go
see this lake you're so proud of."
 I get the sneaking sensation that she's actually
referring to the AI skate trainer, rather than the actual
lake.  Approaching our destination, I can see six or
seven skaters of varying skills  gliding across the ice.  A
few less experienced elves take their tumbles, while
others engage in simple ju mps, momentarily lifting off
the ice, turning and landing smoothly. There's one
woman however in a red vest with white sleeves that
stands apart from the rest, as she jumps once, twice,
three times in a row spinning multiple times, and
landing like a ghost.
 I look to Lilly, "That must be her."
 "I hate her."
 I arch an eyebrow inviting explanation.
 269
 "Look how happy she is, all pale blonde and
perfect. If I see someone workin' on a routine I want
their face to show concentration."
 I snicker, "Sour grapes?"
 "Fuck that. I'll beat her. I just don't like happy
people in training."
 We're now standing at the edge of the lake which
pulses with red, yellow, gr een and blue lights like
someone had frozen LEDs in th e ice.  It's a cool effect
that reminds me of disco bowling.
 "What's up with the colors?"
 Frosty motions to the lake. "They're fish. When
people skate they like swimming up to the surface.  You
see the light when they open their mouths."
 "They must be magic."
 Frosty nods. "They are. At night you can sit on
the bank and the lights are smaller, like swirling stars."
 I nod, imagining a scenic moving picture in my
mind's eye, and then sigh remembering our quest. "I'd
like to see it. Perhaps if I have a chance to come back."
 "We'd be glad to see you Lady Lord Melpomine."
Frosty turns to Lilly. "Put on your skates, and we'll see
if there will even be a match."
 She grumbles going through her VT... something
about not having any faith or respect.  "This'll be weird.
 270
Never worn in any of my skating' gear on my goblin
alias, but I don't feel like switching over."
 Rather than stripping down on the side of the
ring, she makes a few taps on her VT, and suddenly
adventuring gear is replaced by white skates, and an
elegant  black ice skating competition dress with one
long sleeve, with glittering silver rhinestones.
 "Alright, I'm ready, what do ya want?"
 "Why don't we start with a basic jump?"
 "Basic jump."  Lilly grumbles. "We ain't got time
for this. Just watch."
 Lilly makes a large wide circle over the lake, no
doubt to warm up, though truth be told I've never
heard of Freeworld or Haven imposing penalties for not
stretching. It must be a carry  over from her real life
training. She moves fast, gracefully, and up in the air
she goes  opening with a tr iple leaving the ice on her
outside edge, spinning three times, and coming down
on the outside edge of her other skate. A few seconds
later she  comes in for another jump where she takes off
from a backward position, spins twice in the air and
lands.
 Looking pleased with herself, she returns to us
on the side of the ice.  "Good enough?"
 271
 Frosty nods, "Good enough." He motions to
the blonde elf woman putting everyone else to shame.
"Tiasol!"
 She glides over with a chipper expression on her
face. "Hello! That was a nice triple you landed."
 Lilly grumbles. "Thanks."  It's praise, but not
coming from the source she'd like.
 "Are you here for a lesso n?" She at least has the
sense to look to the people  who aren't Lilly when she
asks this.
 "Actually" Frobod begins, "We heard you're
descended from the Ke'b-"
 Frosty says, "The green one wants to challenge
you."
 Clearly talk of skating is more interesting to
Tiasol, and her attention drifts between Frosty and Lilly.
"Well I'm always up for a good  skate. Is this a formal
competition?"
 "Kind of." Frosty says, "If she wins she wants a
personal favor from you, and something from my shop.
If you win..."
 Tiasol considers. "I think asking a favor from her
is just as well, as for prizes..."  She eyes Frosty. "Are you
willing to make me the same offer."
 272
 "Fine..." He says,  "... but you're bound by the
same terms.  If you win it 's a loaner until the next
annual contest, after that you have to place first, second,
or third to keep the item. You also have to hang around
and meet people in my shop if you place and keep the
item."
 "I can accept that."
 "Are we gonna skate this thing or what?"
 Frobod asks, "Who are the judges?"
 Frosty looks back to his shop. "I'll judge. It's the
same risk to me either way." He whistles a loud sound
that carries over the ice and echoes off the surrounding
mountains. "Gather round everyone! It's time for a
contest."
* * * * *
 Lilly beams at her new blades. "Ya know, even if
it weren't for the log out quest item reward, I've gotta
say coming here has all been worth it."  She hugs her
prize to her chest.
 We're sitting in Frosty's shop with Tiasol, who
took her defeat with smiles and disgustingly good grace.
I can see how someone like this could get on your
nerves. "So what favor did you ask of me."
 "Lilly hops on a chair to stand taller and more
imposing. I want your blood!... and a hair sample."
 273
 That makes the elf's smile falter.  "Excuse
me?"
 "Pahrem sit down, please."
 Frobod begins, "It's about Great Uncle Winter.
We've heard about what's going on and Alvawynn told
us that you're descended from the only elves that have
the recipe to fix him.  We're pretty sure we can find
them if you can let us borrow something connected to
one of your family members."
 Tiasol frowns. "That was a long time ago, and I
don't have much.  Anything I do have is sentimental.
How would you use it?"
 "We think we can use..." I pause wondering if I
should use the word 'alien' or not and decide to leave it
out.  I cover by clearing my throat and starting again.
"We think we can use magic to find them if we have an
object of personal significance to them."
 Lilly says, "Blood and hair!  C'mon, think about
it. That's gotta be more potent."
 A worried expression crosses her face. "This is a
big favor. You're warmlanders. You could hex me."
 "We could also save Christmas."
 I correct Lilly, "Save Winterfest."
 "Yeah, save Winterfest and the San'ta if this
works. You'll be a frickin' hero."
 274
 She sighs,  "I want to save Great Uncle
Winter, but blood magic worries me. If I agree to
this...." She pauses. "Can you do me a favor?"
 Lilly looks like she's about to protest, so I speak
before she can mess it up, "What is it?"
 "Take a portrait of our family to my father, so he
can see his grandson, and return with any word he
might send. His name is Rurodin, and my mom's
Helsidol."
 I nod.  "That's reasonable.  Do you have any idea
where they fled?"
 She shakes her head no. "At the time everyone
was just angry and upset.  The plan was just to leave
here, and make a life for themselves wherever they
ended up."
 I sigh. "I guess that's why we need magic. I agree
to your terms. We'll bring a portrait and a message to
your father  if you provide us with the ritual
components we need to find them. We'll also return
with any correspondence they choose to send."
 Tiasol looks uneasy, "It's only because of Great
Uncle Winter that I agree to this. Blood Magic is...
unclean and taboo. We don't do it here."
 I glance to Annette whose just been watching the
interaction until now, "If it makes you feel better it's
 275
more like druid or shamanism. It's not like the
blood rites you're probably thinking of.  We are
working with Winter, with a capital W to restore the
balance."
 Tiasol's eyes widen the tinniest bit.  "I... Wow...
This changes everything."
 "How so?"
 "Few of us have ever seen Lady Frost in person,
and yet...  she's sent you on a mission. That makes you...
something of a priestess or a prophet."
 Probably because we have a Rodekin in the
group. I shake my head no, and indicate Annette. "If we
have a priestess it's her."
 "More like a priestess in training." Annette says.
 "Wow. It'd be  honestly surprising to hear
something like this from the short eared." I raise a brow.
"You and him are both short eared..."  She also
indicates Tako, the other half elf in the group. "The
humans are round eared."
 "What does that make me?"  Lilly wiggles her
enormous batty ears. I didn't realize goblins could do
that.
 Tiasol just shakes her he ad, as if to say she had
no words for Lilly. "... but a round eared human?  It's a
wonder you even know of Lady Frost's existence."
 276
 "She's ah... not exactly a normal human. Her
kind have a close bond with the spirits of nature."
 "It seems so." Tiasol muses. "There's no other
explanation, in any case it makes me feel better about
giving what you ask, if Winter requests it."
 Tako says, "Technically Winter just asked us to
restore the balance.... Which means redeeming Great
Uncle Winter.... Which means asking you for help..."
 Tiasol considers, "I'll do what I can to help
restore the balance then." She seems less easy after
Tako's comments.
 Going out on a limb I say, "Would you like to
meet her?"
 Tiasol inclines her head, "Meet who?"
 "Winter... Lady Frost. We'll need to call on her
soon.  Would you like to be present to see her."
 The elf blinks, then star es blankly. "Me?  Meet
Winter?"
 I shrug, "Why not?"
 She opens her mouth but no words come out,
"I'm hardly worthy.  You should be speaking to a
priestess."
 "We could, but it just so happens that it's your
blood we need." I shrug, then consider, "If you're afraid
of the actual cutting we could try calling Winter and see
 277
if she can make do with just having your body for
the ritual, rather than bleeding. For all I know it could
work even better with you physically present."  Tiasol
looks overwhelmed. "How about this. For now, give us
a lock of hair. We'll try the spell.  If it doesn't work we'll
call Winter."
 Tiasol nods, and takes the end of her long pony
tail in her hands.   I look to Annette. "Give her your
knife." The Rodekin obliges, and  Tiasol cuts away a
small bunch of her hair.  She returns the knife with the
hair sample back to Annette.
 "Let's see if this works."

 278



Chapter 12 - Flux

 We walk around the la ke until we're well away
from the skaters, and we have privacy.  It's now time
for me to try teaching Annette the Rite of the Seeking
Stone by tying the hair off at the end of a string, and
having her dangle it in front of her.
 "Reach out to Winter the way you did before,
and give mental voice to your intentions."
 The wind stirs a bit, then stops.   Annette tries
again.  The wind seems to pick up, and abruptly dies.
This goes on for about ten minutes, and Annette's
losing her patience.
 I sigh, "Wait. I'll switch alts and try for myself."
 I pull up the Alias menu in my VT, and  pick my
Rodekin character.
 279

Alias:
Lilly
Magical - Human (Wererat - Rodekin) - Female
Rank: Perfect (Grandfathered)

Options:
Change Alias
Infect Current
Cancel

 I select change, as streamers of psychedelic
magic swirl in the air engulfing me.  I'm colder, as my
default gear changes with the shifting alt.  I'm now
wearing bellbottom pants, a tie-dye shirt, and oversized
pink heart shaped glasses.   There are now two Lillys in
the group, the goblin, whose official user name is
SalemLilly,  and me L, i lower case l, capital i, y.  aka
Squeaks, as goblin Lilly likes to call me.
 I'm in human form. I take the lock of hair
attached to the string in hand, and concentrate on
winter, and performing the Rite of the Seeking Stone.
It fails immediately.
 280

Rite of the Seeking Stone Failed.
Target out of range.

 I sigh, pull out my VT, and switch back to my
half-elf Melpomine character before my rage venting
meter starts building up. Streamers of black and deep
brown to match my adventuring gear, enwrap me as I
change back to my main character. "It's not Annette's
fault. The Rite isn't powerful enough to find anyone on
the planet. We have to be within a certain range."
 Frobod asks, "What's the range?"
 I shrug, "I don't know.  Never heard of it failing
before, but then I've also never heard of someone trying
to use it on a different continent from the target. It's a
level one rite."
 "Alright, so what's the plan?"
 "I say we march back around the lake, get Tiasol,
and ask Winter for the help she promised." I look to
everyone. "Sit tight while I go get her."
 Tiasol takes a moment to get out of her skates,
and walk around the lake with me. I'm not up for
skating. She looks apprehensive. "Sorry the hair didn't
work out. The spell we had in mind doesn't work when
you're looking for something so far away."
 281
 She nods. "I don't know how to act around
Winter."
 "Relax. She's nice. It's no big deal."
 Tiasol looks unconvinced.  "So far she's been
nothing but helpful."
 We're now approaching the rest of the party. I
look to Annette, "Ready?"
 "Do I need to...."  She makes a jerking motion
with her whole body to mime changing.
 I shake my head. "No, it doesn't matter what
shape you wear when you call the spirits. They'll
recognize you for what you are."
 Lilly passes her a candle from her inventory,
makes a simple motion with her dagger, and touches it
to the wick.  It ignites. "Here ya go. She said somethin'
about quenchin' fire."
 "Alright..." Annette pinches the flame out with
her bare fingers, it makes a little 'tsss' sound. Now she
has her eyes closed and is trying to focus.  She places
the spent candle in her hands as the offering, and holds
them cupped above her head like she did before.
 The wind beats about our clothing. Tiasol tenses.
Compared to our summoning outside Ureota's cave,
Winter's appearance is damn near instantaneous,
 282
bursting into our little clearing in a pop of cold blue
and white magic.
 "By Frost..." Tiasol murmurs, and drops to her
knees.
 Winter regards Annette, then eyes the elf. "Child
of Rat, I answer your call. Who is this?"
 Annette hesitates, "This is  Tiasol.  She's an elf."
 Winter seems to be getting bored, now that she
has more power, and her attention drifts taking in the
environment.  "Explain..."
 I move closer to Annette so I can guide her
through it.  "Go ahead and tell her about the source of
corruption  and how to fix it."
 Annette nods. "We've found the source of the
corruption. It's Great Uncl e Winter, and we know how
to restore the balance."
 This seems to interest the elemental, and her
attention stops wandering as her eyes meet Annette's.
"Well done, child." She offers a genuine smile. "I trust
you are now in need of my assistance to accomplish the
task I've set for you."
 Annette nods, "There's a..." She stumbles over
the word, perhaps finding it too silly to speak to a major
spirit, "Cookie recipe in the world, that can return
Great Uncle Winter to goodness, and restore the
 283
balance, but we can't find it. We tried to use a
Seeking Stone, but it didn't work."
 Winter nods, "Yes, I've felt it."
 "We need you to help us find them, and take us
there."
 "I see." Winter considers. Looking over the
San'ta. "... and who is Tiasol the elf?"
 "Her family was among the many San'ta who
abandoned Arctica centuries ago taking with them the
recipe that could restore the balance. We're hoping..."
Annette looks to me for confidence. I give her a thumbs
up and motion for her to keep going. "We're hoping you
can use her to find her relatives, who can then provide
us with the recipe."
 "A tall order." Winter says musing, "Far more
complex than a simple seekin g stone, and I trust you'll
want to take all of these with you."  Winter waves her
hand to indicate our party,  Annette nods.
 "This I can do, but first you must do for me."
 Annette tenses, having not expected additional
demands from the spirit, but keeps her mouth shut.
Relax, this is how the spirits work.  "Yes?"
 "Winterfest comes to this world, and I am of the
understanding a child brought you here." Annette nods.
 284
"Reunite the child with her family, and I will do this
thing."
 "You want us to kill he r family?" Annette asks.
 Winter smiles. "Must you?"
 "I don't know she's dead, it was her doll we
found in Hades that brought us here." Winter continues
to smile, waiting for the Rodekin to come up with an
answer herself.  "You want us to bring Reilynn's ghost
to Winterland."
 "I do. To accomplish this, bring the doll you
mentioned to the Flux Place,  and combine it with my
winter essence." She push es a small crystal into
Annette's hand that shines like a light bulb of pure
white light, the technical item name is 'winter core.'
"When you have returned I will teach you a rite of spirit
binding, so that she and her family can be together."
 I look to Annette, "Flux is dangerous, but we can
handle it. Winter should take us there."
 Annette nods.
 For the first time I can remember, Winter
addresses me directly, "... and you Tutor of Child of Rat.
See that she makes new magic. She's among the first
spirit born of this world. I'd like to make an offering to
her new hosts. Think of it as chimnage for her passing
into this world."
 285
 "Err... Okay.  I'll... see that she does that."
Until now, I wasn't even aware that Winter had noticed
me. Non-corporeal elementals don't tend to give people
who aren't Freeworld weres the time of day.
 "Good.  Go now, and return quickly."   Winter
waves her pale hand and tears a rip in the air in front of
us, not unlike Lilly's summoning of the Stone Throwing
Devil.  Unlike that rip however, nothing climbs out  and
it seems not to disappear as quickly as it came. Peering
through is a continually sh ifting landscape with a
yellow sun and green trees that melt into rock
formations beneath a purple sky.  Then back to trees, to
waist high shrubberies.
 286

Quest Update:  Winter Dungeonland - Part 2a
Difficulty:  Hard

Winter has offered her assistance in finding the
Ke'bla elves, in exchange for reuniting Reilynn with
her family. To do this, you must journey to "The
Flux Place" to merge a re lic dolly, with a winter
core. While she's there, Annette must also learn a
new method of healing, to  present to the people of
Haven.

Objectives:
Enter Flux                            0/1
Merge winter core with dolly relic     0/1
Annette  discovers new magic             0/1
Reilynn's family reunited             0/1


 Mirae, Lilly, and Tako eye the opening, but
Lilly's the one that  speaks. "Do any of you know what
the Flux Place is?"
 Tako asks, "Is that like  the thing those Coldwash
ghosts did?"
 287
 Frobod nods. "It's a Freeworld thing, but I've
never been there."
 I indicate the portal, and then look to Tako.
"Kind of, and no. It's a spirit  realm where everything is
mutable. Things and creatur es change by the second
and take on new properties. Sometimes they lose them.
It can also be a place where you combine things,
merging the essence of two objects to create one unique
item."
 Frobod nods, "I've heard of people going in there
as werewolves, and coming out as were-panthers, or
spiders.
 Lilly looks aghast, "It ca n change us like that?"
 I nod. "It can, but it's pretty uncommon.  You
have to spend a lot of time in Flux for it to change you
into something you didn't want. According to the lore it
happens all the time, but fr om a business perspective,
players would be pretty mad if every time they went
there they came back as a ne w race or had a new set of
a b i l i t i e s .   N o w  i t ' s  m o r e  o f  a n  ' e n t e r  a t  y o u r  o w n  r i s k '
situation where probably nothing will happen, but
maybe it could."
 Frobod says, "Sounds like it's time to go get that
dolly."
* * * * *
 288
 About forty five minutes later we've
reconvened  at  our spot beside the lake where the
portal to Flux continues to shimmer and undulate.
Alvawynn was understandably loathe to give up Rei's
dolly, but Tiasol came as a surprising help in explaining
Winter's role in our quest. I guess it helped to have a
local vouch for our story. Apparently, she's akin to a
local deity here that the Winterland residents refer to
as Lady Frost.
 "Dolly, check.  Winter core, check.  ... I think
that's everything we need."  We leave Tiasol behind
since I suspect she's no combatant.  "I'll take point."
 I step through the portal.
 289

WARNING: You are about to enter Flux.   Entering
Flux may result in permanent changes to your
character's appearance, race, and or abilities.  As
of Freeworld Online becoming Freehaven Online,
the chance for mutation while in Flux has been
increased by 25%, however all changes incurred
may be undone via rebirthing within one month of
the transformation.

Do you wish to proceed?  Yes / No

 I whistle. "Damn. Do you see this prompt? I
think the old mutation rate was like two percent."
 Lilly laughs.  "Awesome.  Maybe we'll get
something good!"
 "Maybe, or you might get a monkey arm growing
out of your butt instead of a tail. Just... stay focused,
and try not to touch anything.  If you can do ranged
attacks it should reduce the risk of changes. The faster
we can get in and out the better."
 Frobod unequips his greatsword. "Got it."
 Tako says, "What if I want a monkey arm for a
tail?" but equips his bow anyway.
 "Here goes nothing."
 290
 I choose yes.
 I step through the portal, and arrive into what
appears to be a rocky fissure.   The air is room
temperature. The sun is green... and now it's red... and
a proper yellow... Now green again. It shifts through
random colors like it's a giant peering at us through
different colored sun glasses, and it can't decide which
pair to wear.  And now grass is growing on rocks that
were bone dry moments before.
 As the rest of the party files through the portal
behind me I say, "This place is trippy."
 Frobod asks, "What are we supposed to do
now?"
 "Let's not stray too far from the portal since it
may be our one constant.  Annette, let's see the Winter
Core and dolly."
 She holds one in each hand.
 "I wanna go home."
 I startle, and look around, trying to spot
incoming creatures.
 "I wanna go home."
 Annette says, "It's the doll, it just started
talking."
 " I  a m  w i n t e r . "   A  f e w  s e c o n d  p a u s e .   " I  a m
winter."
 291
 "I wanna go home."
 "I am winter."
 Lilly comes in for a clos er look. "They're both
talkin'.... like they're having a conversation or
somethin'."
 "I wanna go home."
 "I am winter."
 It's so strange, though the words each time are
exactly the same, the tone of voice shifts so that I can
almost imagine that they are having a conversation.  I
look to Annette.  "I think you have to convince them to
come together."
 "I wanna go home."
 She looks to me. "How am I supposed to do
that?"
 I shrug. "I'll try." I move  closer to the objects in
her hands. "Reilynn, is that you?"
 "I wanna go home."
 "Do you want to see your mommy?"
 "I wanna go home."
 "It's kind of hot out here, huh?"  In fact, it's
comfortable in the mid 70s or so degrees if I had to
guess, but its positively blazing compared to Arctica.
 "I am Winter."
 292
 "You're a long way away from where you
should be."
 At the same time, I hear "I wanna go home." and
"I am winter."
 Mirae says, "This is weird. I don't know how to
explain it, but I think they understand you."
 I nod.  "This is a spir it world where objects,
creatures, and forces have personalities."
 Mirae tries addressing the objects.  "Do you
remember what home was like?  Do you remember
Winterland?"
 "I wanna go home."
 "I am Winter."
 Mirae reaches for the doll and looks to Annette,
"May I?"
 Annette, looking flummoxed nods, and hands
both objects over.
 Mirae strokes the doll's hair. "We met your
mommy today, and she misses you."
 "I wanna go home."
 "I know dear, but we can't get you home without
Winter's help."
 "I am winter."
 293
 "Yes," Mirae continues,"You're part of winter,
and she'll need you back soon, but we brought you here
to help bring Reilynn back."
 "I wanna go home."
 "I am winter."
 I raise an eye brow. "Are  you sure you've never
been to Flux before?  You're good at this."
 She shrugs, looks to me , and says, "I think I
know why Winter needs us to bring these two together.
It's all about domains... or spheres of influence that
they have or don't have control over. "
 "How do you mean?"
 "Winter is a deity of cold and the season of
winter, so in order to act upon Reilynn, she needs to be
connected to one of the thin gs that Winter represents.
Reilynn's... " She pauses, ey eing the doll,  "In a place
that Winter doesn't have control over, and this relic is a
connection to Reilynn. By infusing the relic with the
Winter Core, it brings her spirit within Winter's
influence."
 I nod, "I think I understand."
 Something bellows in the distance, somewhere
in the canyon.
 "We better hurry."
 Mirae nods.  "Winter?"
 294
 "I am winter."
 "I need you to take hold of Reilynn's dolly so we
can bring you both back home."
 "I wanna go home." A tone of nervousness in
that voice.
 "I am winter."  A note of thoughtfulness.
 Mirae strokes the doll's hair, "It's okay love.
We're going to bring you to see your family for
Winterfest. Wouldn't you like that?"
 "I wanna go home." I can almost imagine a little
girl sniffling "Yes.." while wiping away tears.
 "I need you to take Winter's hand then and hide
it in your pocket.  I need you two to come together so
we can bring you home as one. Wouldn't you like to get
out of this."
 "I wanna go home."
 Mirae puts the glowing Winter Core into the
doll's arms and something happens...  The core shines
brighter.
 "I wanna go home."  Uncertainty.
 "I am winter."  We can do it!
 "I wanna go home."  I'm scared.
 "I am winter."  Open up.
 "Shhhhhh..." Mirae says, and places a kiss on the
doll's forehead.  "Be brave little one, and let Winter
 295
inside. It wasn't too long ago that I was in a
situation just like you, and I was scared..."
 "I wanna go home." Really?
 Footsteps pounding. An bestial moan. "Guys...
Try to hurry if you can, Something's coming this way."
 Mirae nods as if to say 'I'm working on it!'  and
coos in a soothing voice.  "I  was, and now I'm back and
everything is okay. Just like  you, I had to change. I was
away from my friends and family, but now I can see
them every day."
 "I wanna go home."
 "I am winter."
 Three things happen at exactly the same time. A
bright blue light flashes in Mirae's palms causing a
globe of Winter's magic to encapsulate the dolly. A
massive hippo, the size of an elephant, with a tail that
reminds me of a blue whale bursts through the side of
the canyon wall.  It's like the Kool Aid Man, only uglier.
 It bellows, and breathes hot breath that smells of
pina colada.  This place is so weird.
 "Guys... I can't let go of the doll.  My hands are
stuck to it."
 "Crap! Can you heal?"
 "I can't do anything but talk and run away."
 296
 "Do that, but don't go to far! Annette, you're
on heals!"
 "I.."  Annette starts, "I don't know if I.."
 The hippo snorts. It's face pops like a bubble,
and becomes a baby's head.  It's so small relative to the
gigantic body, it's like a little pimple.
 Lilly scrunches her face looking up, "Are we
supposed to attack this thing?"
 It stomps it's oversize d hippo foot,  and then
"WAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!"  The ear sp litting shriek of a
colicky baby. As it's mouth opens to wail,  rainbows
shoot out like unicorn farts, bathing the entire world in
Lifesaver colors.  At first I think we're okay, until I
realize my armor's smoking, I look to Lilly and her gear
has tendrils of darkness rising from it, and Frobod.
 297

Rainbow Hits you for 4 Acid Damage.
You resist 4 points of damage.

Rainbow hits you for 6 acid damage.
You resist 5 points of damage.

Rainbow hits you for 7 acid damage.
You resist 7 points of damage.

 Lilly sprints the opposite direction, yelling "Holy
shit! That baby barfs acidic rainbows."
 I'm not far behind joinin g her,  we're all running
the same way, just barely out of the rainbow's reach.
I'm breathing heavy. Something about the attack makes
me feel winded. "I'm not even going to try to engage
with my staff, less I come out of this with a baby head. "
 The creature stops, "WAAAAAHH!" and starts
spewing more caustic rainbows that we all continue
inching away from. My ears are rattling.
 I launch my Darksteel Chakram at the monster's
chest and shout, "Hey!"
 298

Taunt. Successful.
Fluxbeast Rainbowpotamus Attacks.

 I sprint away from the rest of the party, bathing
in residual rainbow, and taking another ten percent
damage. Thank God for stamina. The squishier party
members are far worse off.
 I switch to party chat. "Ranged DPS go!  Heal!"
 Mirae's hands and the dolly are still encased in
the magic blue globs, "I can't do anything while I'm
holding the dolly, so don't count on me."
 "Understood. Stay safe."
 Lilly's health slowly cr eeps up, thirty percent...
forty... The same with Frobod's. It's so much slower
than with a trained healer. Suddenly Tako's health
jumps from fifty percent to one-hundred.
 Annette says, "I don't know what just happened.
My spell exploded."
 "This is Flux, expect weird shit to happen. It's
getting into your magic."
 Rainbow's heavy footsteps pound behind me as I
retreat, as the little head screams, throwing deadly
waves of color on everything it passes. Grassy purple
rocks melt and turn to sludge, only for a fully grown
 299
palm tree to spring up in their place.  The creature's
so big, I can't see exactly what everyone else is doing,
but Lilly gives some commentary.
 "What the hell? My Cinderburst just turned into
a flying broken air conditioner!"
 "Did it do damage?"
 "Yeah but..."
 "Then keep going!"
 By now Lilly's almost back  to 80% health.  That's
good.
 "I've got a rock."
 Sounds like she called stony.
 "This place turned my devil into the Easter
Bunny!"
 A fleshy impact paired with a renewed shriek
tells me that it's still thro wing rocks. Rainbow health,
sixty percent.
 I turn back to throw another chakram, when I'm
hit with a new debuff.
 300

Flux Poisoning
Random Stat (Dexterity) reduced by 80%
Duration:  10 seconds.

 I go down, with a sharp pain in my ankle and my
face in the dirt. Rainbow wails, bathing me in hurtful
color.

Rainbow Hits you for 3 Acid Damage.
You resist 3 points of damage.

Rainbow hits you for 5 acid damage.
You resist 5 points of damage.

Rainbow hits you for 10 acid damage.
You resist 8 points of damage.

 I'm now at seventy percent health, on the ground,
prone, and bathed in pina colada brightness that's
consuming my defenses.  The baby suddenly stops. I'm
afraid to look as I scramble to my feet.  It burps, slow
and powerful. The face contorts, warps and explodes
like a wad of bubblegum transforming into the head of
a Baboon with a polka dot bow tie.
 301
 It looks down at me and says "Dear Lord, are
you alright? Miss, you look positively dreadful.  What
ever did you fall in?"
 I'm beginning to think this incarnation of the
Rainbowpotamus may be no n violent, when a spell
strikes it from behind, crea ting a mushroom cloud like
a nuclear warhead.  It's health drops by another forty
percent leaving only twenty remaining.
 The baboon groans."That wasn't sociable. I
won't have it!" It begins to  turn.  Lightning bolts spark
from its eyes. "Hey monkey . Eat this!" I chuck my
d a r k s t e e l  c h a k r a m .   I t  l e a v e s  m y  h a n d  j u s t  b e f o r e  t h e
dexterity debuff wears off, so  I miss by a mile, but at
least the taunt works.

Taunt. Successful.
Fluxbeast Monkeypotamus attacks.

 I'm expecting laser lightning eyes,  but instead,
the hippo baboon comes in for the classic trample.
There's not much space for me to dodge, and I'm swept
under it's massive body.
 I'm down on the ground again. Bones crunch
within my body. I whimper. "Help..." Pain, in this game
 302
is diminished,  but it still doesn't feel good to be
crushed.
 My health's down to th irty percent, and I have
no idea where I'll respawn if I die in this place.  Bowtie
Baboon says, "You're not being sociable!"
 Here comes the lightning.
 Annette screams, "I'm too far away!"
 A jolt of electricity hits me, seizing up every
muscle in my body.  I can feel my hair rising and
standing on end.   Ten percent remaining.
 Fuck.
 An arrow hits me.
 "What the..?" Friendly fire?
 I expect to be staring down at my lifeless corpse
as a ghost, in just a moment, but instead my health
leaps back up to fifty. Another arrow hits me in the
chest, it stings for half a second before my life springs
back up to eighty.  My bones are mending. It's like
Cupid's arrow, but instead of falling in love I'm ready to
kick ass.
 "What are you doing?"
 Annette shouts, "New magic!"
 Tell me about it. Monkey hippo comes in to
stomp me. THUMP... CRUNCH... against the rocky
 303
earth, but I'm able to roll out of the way and
scramble to my feet.
 "Boss at 20%, burn it down."
 The hippo's eyes light up, as I prepare for
another blast of lightning.  Frobod hits it in the face
with a necro bolt, and Lilly launches a ball of fire... that
transforms into an air conditioner, that detonates on
impact sending shrapnel everywhere.

SalemLilly casts Cinderburst
Cinderburst (FluxWarped) you for 3  damage.
You resist 3 points of damage.

 Wacky place.
 Tako shoots an arrow which turns into a viper
mid flight, and sinks it's teeth into our opponent.  It
drops to the ground, "Ugh!" My heart quickens, as I
scurry the opposite direction. I hate serpents.
Thankfully, it goes the other way.
 Boss health, five percent.  It's bleeding from it's
wounds, and it's face looks red and puffy from Tako's
snake-arrow thing. My dexterity's back, I aim, and
launch my at the Fluxbeast's body.  THWAK!   It
embeds deep in the creature' s flesh.  It falls to the
 304
ground, as a monkey head whispers. "not...
sociable..." Citizen Kane, Rosebud style.
 The body despawns, not in the customary silent
fade to nothing with a tidy chest in it's place, but with
the sound of New Year's party poppers, and  sparklers.
In it's place, however, is a small velvet sack in a shade
of blood red.
 A giant, pot bellied Easter Bunny chews on a
hearty carrot.  I give Lilly a questioning look.
 Her face looks as confused  as mine feels. "That's
what came out of the portal."
 Frobod says, "I want to get out of here.  This
place is too weird."
 I bend down to gather the loot. "I agree."
 305

You have received:
Rebirthing Crystal x5

Rebirthing Crystal
Special Object

Description:
A small prismatic stone filled with limitless possibility.

Use:
Swallow to initiate rebirth.

 Mirae holds up the Mangled Dolly. "Whatever
was happening before, it's done.  I can move." Frost
crystals cling to its face, and snowflakes fall from
beneath it's dress like a frost weapon enchant.
 306

Quest Update:  Winter Dungeonland - Part 2a
Difficulty:  Hard

Winter has offered her assistance in finding the
Ke'bla elves, in exchange for reuniting Reilynn with
her family. To do this, you must journey to "The
Flux Place" to merge a re lic dolly, with a winter
core. While she's there, Annette must also learn a
new method of healing, to  present to the people of
Haven.

Objectives:
Enter Flux                           1/1
Merge winter core with dolly relic       1/1
Annette  discovers new magic            1/1
Reilynn's family reunited             0/1

Return to Reilynn's family home in Winterland and
complete the necessary binding ritual to complete
this quest.

 "They merged then?"
 Mirae nods.  "I think so."
 "Then let's get the hell out of here."
 307

 Stepping back through the portal from Flux fills
me with a sense of significant relief. It's so good to see
sky a proper color again.  The air is cool, and I like it.  It
makes me feel alive.  Before I forget, I give each PC a
rebirthing crystal, since I doubt they are of any use to
Annette.
 I look everyone over. "Everyone got all their
limbs?"
 Frobod says, "I think so."
 "Anyone have any extras?"
 Mirae laughs, "I don't think so."
 Lilly looks like she just ate a sour fruit. "That
place messed with my magic."
 Tako nocks an arrow and looses over the lake.
He frowns. "It didn't turn into a snake... I was hoping
that was permanent."
 "Some things stick, and others don't. In your
case, I think it was just the arrow that changed, rather
than your archery ability."
 Lilly pulls out her daggers, "Awe shit, are you
sayin' my spells might be broken? Take cover. I'm
about to set something on fire."
 She waves her blades in an intricate pattern, and
they glow bright red.  A wave of heat hit's us in the face,
 308
as the goblin target's a stump a dozen paces away. It
explodes in a fiery burst.
 "Thank God! No air conditioners!"
 Tako chuckles.  "I don't know, I thought they
were kinda cool. You'd be the only one to have them."
 "We ought to get to Reilynn's house and get
summoning."
 Tako says, "I'm kinda hungry.  Do you guys mind
stopping for food first?"
 "I'm good with that."
 Mirae says, "Sure, I'll bet there's a cooking shop
i n  t o w n  w i t h  i n g r e d i e n t s  s o  w e  c a n  m a k e  o u r  o w n
stuff."
 I nod, "Don't forget we've got Goblin BBQ."
 Tako smiles, and pulls a dried strip of meat from
his inventory.  "I totally forgot about that."
 "We'll get supplies, build a fire, and eat before
we summon."
 Frobod nods,  "Sounds like a plan."
 Tako says, "Just like my momma always said,
never summon a ghost on an empty stomach."

 309



Chapter 13 - Reunion

 We're sitting around a campfire near to where
we departed and returned from Flux.  The Winterland
merchants had indeed unprepared hare meat, and
venison for purchase. We stuck with rabbits to keep
things small and simple, and roasted the meat
slathered with Pahrem's BBQ sauce on spits.  There's
no special food buffs, but my it's tasty. The sun's going
down, and I realize that we skipped lunch.
 Frobod says, "I never notice I'm hungry until
someone says something, and then it's overpowering"
 "It's usually like that for me to."
 Mirae shrugs. "I haven' t been hungry because
I've been chewing on jerky all day."
 310
 Lilly smirks. "I guess that makes you smarter
than the rest of us."
 Annette scrunches her nose. "I'll never
understand how you all eat that stuff. It's so...." She
shudders, and consumes a fully prepared meal, a
portion of roast, that was purchased in the market.
"Just because you put something in a fire doesn't mean
you're cooking."
 "It's an adventurer thing. All of the food you like
to eat, tastes to us like a whole lot of nothing. We get
texture, but no flavor."
 "That sounds horrible, and doesn't make any
sense."
 I shrug. "It's difficult to explain." with added to
an NPC in my mind.
 "Congratulations, by the way, on your magic.
Your arrow heals are pretty impressive."
 Annette shrugs. "It wasn't logical that I could
infuse a dagger with a fire ball, but not an arrow with
restoration."
 I just nod, and shrug, because I don't have a
good answer.
 If this were the real wo rld she'd be exactly right,
but it's not. I didn't think the game was made for that.
Annette's new form of healing, a cross between Lilly's
 311
dagger hexing and Mirae's archery and heals,
infuses mending and protective spells into arrows so
that they heal whomever they hit. Unlike Lilly however,
she's lost the ability to bind harmful spells to daggers.
 To her, and given the nature of Flux, it makes
sense. Objects and concepts in close proximity are the
most likely to merge, as we ll as those that are in the
forefront, or even back of a person's mind. In that way,
'The Flux Place,' as Winter calls it, is a bit like a dream
that teeters back and forth between simply intense, and
lucid.
 It kinda makes me wonder what Pahrem was
thinking about when she manifested window air
conditioning units and the Easter Bunny. From a
developer's perspective I wonder who took the time to
skin something like that, then I consider the magical
post apocalyptic Freeworld cityscapes, and realize there
are probably quite a few broken ACs in the game. They
didn't have to work.
 Mirae eyes Annette's noobtastic bow. "We're
going to have to get you a better bow. You think you can
teach me to do that?"
 "She might be able to..." I think, still in my
developer mind. "Winter said the whole point was for it
to be a gift to the people of Haven for welcoming
 312
Rodekin, and I guess other Freeworld weres,
amongst them. I didn't read all the patch notes, so
maybe this was something they  snuck in while I wasn't
looking."
 "I dunno." Frobod says, "But it's pretty useful."
 "Tell me about it." Lilly  starts. "What I wouldn't
have given to have had a bunch of healin' archers on
top of Cupcake Keep when we were attacked. They
wouldn't have stood a chance."
 "That reminds me..."  I look to Annette. "You're
welcome to join our guild if you want to try. We've
never had an NPC member, but I was once able to send
in invite to one." She stares at me blankly, as the
eyebrows of the rest of the party creep higher up their
heads.
 I decide to address the players first. "I guess
none of you were around for that."  I look to Lilly, "Your
husband had a mage helping him with his garden. On a
whim I threw him a guild invite and it worked. He
declined, but he was able to receive it."
 Mirae considers, "I've never heard of that before.
I wonder if it's somehow related to people like me."
referring to players who digitized.
 "In any case, it looks like the option is open."  I
look to Annette, prepared to restate my last prior
 313
statements without gaming lingo. "We've never had
one of the Havenfolk or Freefolk join our guild. Until
recently, we believed it wa s impossible to have both
adventurers and non-adventurers in the same guild,
call it a magical prohibition, but that seems to have
c h a n g e d .   I n  a n y  c a s e ,  i f  y o u  w a n t  t o  j o i n ,  w e ' l l  h a v e
you."
 Annette nods, "Of course." I raise a brow, that's
a far more ready agreement than the last NPC I invited.
"You're the only ones in Haven that know about
Rodekin, and the rest fear us for the monsters we
resemble." Mostly true, but I don't interrupt her
sentiment to inform that other adventurers might know
more about Freeworld weres than I do. "This is to say
nothing of freeing us from those leeches in Hades. Of
course I'll join. How could I not join? You don't even
have to ask."
 That was, quite possibly, the most impassioned
guild acceptance speech I've  ever witnessed.  It's
touching in a world where the typical response to being
asked to join is, "Thnx for add."
 My VT materializes in my hand, I select Annette,
and pull up the guild interfac e. "I'll send you an invite
then."

 314
Annette has joined the guild.

Guild Achievement Unlocked:  Local Cooperation
Add an NPC character to your guild by using the
invite function.
Rewards:
+1 Diplomacy to guild members
1% Discount on Havenfolk and Freefolk Goods


 "Oh." There's a surprised and impressed tone in
my voice. "Looks like being cooperative has some
benefits."
 Mirae adds, "I wonder if they get better if we
recruit more."
 I shrug. "Don't know, I'm not complaining."
 Lilly stares at the achievement in her VT. "I'll bet
t h e y  d o ,  w e  s h o u l d  g o  a r o und recurtin' everyone in
Durolan, and give them their own faction in the guild."
 I shake my head, remembering Pehrom's mage,
"I don't think it's that easy. The essence of the
achievement seems to be cooperation, which probably
means forming relationships before they accept. The
first guy I tried was disturbed when I offered."
 315
 "That's odd. What's the point of pushing us
to make friends with NPCs?"
 "Well..." I begin, "They' re a lot more real now,
so... maybe that is the point.  To form relationships."
 Tako looks to Mirae, "This game's becoming a lot
more social."
 Frobod finishes off the last of his meat. "What do
you mean?"
 "Look at me.  Before I pretty much just signed in
to kill stuff, get loot, and sign out, right?"
 Frobod nods.  "I'm following."
 "Now, even if I wasn't stuck in game, I have a
reason to come back that has nothing to do with
adventuring." He flicks his eyes toward Mirae, she
dimples.  "Dungeons are cool, but with everything
coming more alive this is becoming a better place to
just hang out."
 Lilly says, "It's been like that foreva,  There's a
l o t  o f  s o c i a l  s h i t  t h a t  m o s t  p e o p l e  n e v e r  b o t h e r  w i t h ,
but with the NPCs bein' real and people digitizin'...
You're right.  It's less like a game, and more like. I don't
know.. Takin' a vacation."
 I stand. "Well I'm full.  Everyone done eating?"
 The rest of the party no ds.  "Let's go see Rei's
family."
 316
* * * * *
 Returning to the house, I have the doll in hand.
It's cold to the touch, whereas before it'd just seemed
like any other doll.  The eyes are bluer, and a film of
frost clings to its face. We knock on the door, and I see
there's a collection of new presents. Presenting joyously
wrapped gifts must be how the San'ta comfort each
other in times of woe.
 Perolon answers, and meet s me with his ice blue
eyes. "You took her dolly." Not a question.
 I nod.  "We brought it back."
 He grunts. "I don't know what Alva's on about.
Lady Frost. No one sees th e lady, much less a couple of
short ears."  He holds out his hand. "Give it here."
 "We're... not quite done yet. Winter's asked us
to... reunite you... for the holiday. "
 "A reunion?" He scoffs. "That's a laugh. Just give
it here."   He reaches out to  take the dolly from me, and
his hand brushes against it's cold face.  He freezes in
place, as if having been touched by a ghost. It's the kind
of frozen that comes with your first ever experience
with the supernatural. Chilling, and awed. All I can do
is watch until he pulls his hand back.  He swallows hard.
"Come in."
 317
 Frobod turns his head to look at him as he
passes into the cozy home.  "What was that all about?"
 "I don't know."
 Perolon says, "Please sit. I'll...  I'll get
Alvawynn."
 He marches out of the front hall and into the
kitchen, which has a small door leading to the side of
the house.
 The steps creek as his wife descends from
upstairs. "You've come back."
 I nod. "Winter asked us to hurry."
 She makes a gesture with her hand like she's
tracing an asterisk with her finger. Is that a snowflake?
I wonder if it's these elves' equivalent to the sign of the
cross. "What have you to tell?"
 "We're not quite done, but...  Winter, Lady Frost,
wants your family to be together."
 "Thank Frost." she says, "The husband wasn't
too pleased when I told him you took Rei's dolly."
 Heavy boots stomp as Perolon re-enters the
home with arms full of wood .  His eyes flicker to his
wife. He appears embarrasse d, having forgotten his
excuse for leaving us. "See you found her then." He
dumps the wood in a pile beside the fireplace which has
burned down to hot coals. He looks at the doll, staring
 318
intently... and then back to his chopped wood. He
assembles a pile of logs, and dry twigs within the hearth,
and speaks magical words in his native tongue.
"Relenar fiodore!"
 The entire room brightens as the fireplace
illuminates with crackling flame. No slow build to an
inferno like in Meatsville. Our surroundings start to
feel more like a home, than just a place people live. Not
ours, but welcoming.  A place that should have a family.
 Perolon, looks to the mantle and then to his wife.
"Dearest.. Please fetch the st ockings."  A quiet settles
between them as they meet each other's gazes.  A line of
thought that feels like it could  be cut with scissors.  "...
All of them."
 "I..." Alvawynn begins, and again covers her
mouth with her hand.  She gives her husband a solemn
nod, and finishes simply, "Okay."
 She retreats to the upstairs, her footsteps quick
compared to the rate at which she descended, with
three large stockings in hand. One red for her husband,
trimmed in white fur, and gold embroidery. A Green
one for herself, with the same white cuff, and elaborate
gold designs. She goes about hanging them above the
fireplace from small nails I hadn't noticed. The last of
the three, the largest and po sitioned between the other
 319
two,  is a cloth booty of pure white. White fur on
top to make a matching set, with red embroidery. and a
little green bow.
 I smile, imagining the girl it must be for.
 Mirae must have the same idea as she eyes the
largest stocking, but her expression falters.  "What if
she has heavy death marks?"
 I grimace, luckily most ghosts lack outward
indicators of how they died, but a few, especially those
who suffered horribly violent deaths wear their fatal
wounds in the afterlife if th e marks of their death have
imprinted themselves upon their identity. "Let's just
hope that's not the case, or that Winter has made her
better."
 Alvawynn's about to sit when she says "Oh! I
almost forgot." as she darts off to the kitchen. She
returns with a hand full of red and white striped candy
canes. She eyes the hearth, and then down to us, her
guests sitting in a circle on the living room floor. "One
for you... and you... and you.." She passes them out to
each member of the party before stepping over Tako's
head, for he's the closest of us to the fite, and places one
in each stocking. She meets her husband's gaze, and
drops a second into the largest stocking, with quick  last
 320
minute hands that seem to say, "It'll just be our little
secret."
 I'm just staring, glancing around, marveling at
how quickly an environment can transform without the
aid of magic.
 Tako sucks on the long end of his candy cane,
having forgotten they have no flavor. He holds it with
his teeth. "At least they still give fresh breath."
 I decide to follow his example.
 Frobod says, "I guess no w's the time to call on
Winter."
  Alvawynn's breath catches. It can't be easy to
hear people speaking casually about summoning your
goddess... or whatever Lady Frost  is to them.
 I pass the frozen dolly to Annette, "Whenever
you're ready."
 She holds the frigid artifact over her head, and
closes her eyes in concentration. Perolon meets the
doll's eyes, and looks away, whil e his wife is transfixed.
The air shimmers, as if in a heat haze, but instead hits
us with a wave of coldness th at contrasts to the hearth
fire. I suppose that's to be expected.
 A miniature image of Lady  Frost materializes, so
she meets our sitting gazes. "Child of Rat."
 321
 "Yes?" Annette asks. She seems more
confident calling Winter than before. She must be
getting the hang of it.
 "You've done well, and I accept your service."
She taps Annette's forehead with her index finger. A
radiant blue fingerprint shimmers against her skin for a
m o m e n t  l i k e  a  p u d d l e ,  b e f o r e  f a d i n g .  " I  g i v e  y o u  t h e
knowledge to bring this fami ly back together. Do this
for me and return to the lake, there I will send you on
your way. The blood I need awaits you there."
 Winter's image breaks apart like drifting
snowflakes in a snow globe, as a brisk sensation
touches my face.  I think we're all staring at Annette,
but it's Frobod who asks, "What do we have to do?"
 "It's..."  Annette begins, "Not what I expected."
She stands and looks at the tree, only half heartedly
decorated. "This needs to be  grander." She motions to
the kitchen, "There needs to be good smells hanging in
the air." She looks to Alvawynn and Perolon, "You need
to make this a place Rei will be excited to come home
to."
* * * * *
 It takes some hours, but you'd be amazed how
fast an elf can prepare a feast when properly motivated.
Instead of decorating the current tree, poorly watered,
 322
and browning in places, Perolon carted the whole
thing out to the back yard, and returned forty five
minutes later with a larger, lusher  tree strapped to a
toboggan.  I'm worried it might hit the ceiling, but once
erected, the height seems just right.  Not very
interested in Haven cooking, we all take a hand in
hanging ornaments.
 Perolon surveys his work with a sad smile.  "It's
beautiful, but there's still one thing remaining."
 I admire the tree, "What's that?"
 "Tinsel... If Reilynn had her way every tree
would look like it was dipped in silver."  He holds out a
box of the stringy foil material.  "It was her favorite part.
Why don't you do the honors?"
 I take a small hand full, and begin spreading it
about the tree.  He does the same, Mirae takes a bunch.
 "Daddy?"
 My heart about stops when I hear that voice. The
red tinsel box hits the floor. Tugging at Perolon's shirt
is a little, long eared, yellow haired, elf girl with the
most enchanting blue eyes that glow with winter's
magic. "I wanna do some too."
 The father swallows hard, choking down his
emotions, and bends down to pick up the box of tinsel
in his left hand, while lifting his daughter with his right.
 323
He takes some of the metallic decoration and
pushes it into her little fist . He releases an exaggerated
groan as fathers often do. "You're getting so big!"
 As it turns out, Rei does in fact, delight in
silvering the tree...
 "The ham is almost read-"
 "Mom!" Rei squirms out of her father's arms and
rockets across the home like a bullet for her mother.
She hit's Alvawynn with a hu g, generating enough force
to make her step back.
 For the mother's part, she mouths the words
"Thank you." while holding Rei's head against her body,
and drawing that snowflake sy mbol in the air with her
free hand with bright tears burning tracks down her
cheeks.
 Mirae smiles, eying the two. "She's pretty solid
for a ghost this side of Hades.  I'd expected her to be...
More transparent."
   Annette speaks quietly. "It's only temporary"
and approaches the father with the doll. "Give this to
her when she sleeps, as it is her anchor, and she will
always come back for the winter holiday."
 He nods.  "I don't know how to thank you."
 Annette shakes her head. "You don't have to.
Just... be aware this year is special. She is solid.  In
 324
years to come, she will always come home, but begin
as a specter. Perhaps you'll see her in a mirror, or in the
reflection of one of your  baubles. As Winterfest
progresses she'll become more solid as she's
strengthened by your holiday cheer, and her age will
change reflect how she sees herself.  It's only on the last
day of the holiday that she'll  b e  a s  s h e  i s  t o d a y ,  s o l i d
and able to partake of your food. You must always
remember to let her sleep with her dolly. It's her anchor,
do not forget it."

 325

Quest Complete:  Winter Dungeonland - Part 2a
Difficulty:  Hard

Meet Winter and Tiasol at the lake, and take a
moonwalk to find the Ke'bla elves.


You have gained +1000 reputation with the San'ta
Elves
You have gained +5,000 personal reputation with
Alvawynn.
You have gained +6,000 personal reputation with
Perolon.

 326


Chapter 14 - Made in Taiwan

 We return to the site where we built our camp
fire used in our barbaric adventurer cooking.  I ate a
little of Alvawynn's feast so as not to be rude, but she
must think we adventurers have small stomachs.  If I'm
being honest with myself, I doubt she cared in the wake
of seeing and touching her daughter again.
 This time we don't have to summon Winter,
because she's already waitin g beside Tiasol who seems
to be asleep and encased in a magic floating bubble.
Beside her is a canvas wrapped in thick fabric.
 "Is she going to be okay?"
 "Take this. " Winter notes the object beside
Tiasol. Ah, right. The portrait. "The magic I used to
find her kin was draining. They are well protected, I
 327
wasn't able to pinpoint their exact location. Even so,
she will be fine and I will deliver you as close as I can."
 "So where are we going?"
 Winter makes a sweeping gesture with her arm.
"Along the moonwalk. Are you ready?"
 I glance to my party mates who all seem ready to
g o .   " W e ' r e  r e a d y .   O h ,  w a i t . "   I t  s e e m s  l i k e  I  h a v e n ' t
ridden my elechopper in forever with all the mini-
barges and portals.  I wave my middle finger in the air
and shout, "INFERNO!!!!"  My fire elemental powered
motorcycle roars into existence with a pop of red color.
I  t h e n  p u m p  m y  f i s t  i n  t h e  air and call "Let's ride."
Which summons the other four  bikes  in bursts of
yellow, blue, green, and grey corresponding with their
elements. "Mount up everyone."  Without needing
direction, Annette takes a se a t  b e h i n d  M i r a e .   " N o w
we're ready."
 It's already night this time, so the dimming of
ambient light is less noticeab le than when we traveled
by moonwalk from Dragonswood Forest, but the
Winterland city lights grow dim. A path, which looks
like a bridge of glacial blue ice though it is not slick,
leads over the water and beyond. The horizon grows
indistinct from our starting  position. As soon as our
wheels touch the walk, our surroundings shift and warp
 328
much as they did when we  traveled to Arctica,
though with less scenery outsid e of San'ta Vale, it's not
as disorienting. We mostly see snow drifts, then a
chasm, then a few feet farther a differently shaped snow
drift.
 This time we travel over a great deal of water,
which is uniform in its a ppearance.  The thing that
catches me off guard is not any change to the water or
land surroundings but the reddening of the sky over the
horizon.
 We're either traveling th rough time or all the
way around the world. Where are these Ke'bla
hiding?"
 In time water fades to land, and shadows of trees
begin to emerge in what I'm certain is broad daylight. It
just doesn't seem like it because the world is darker
along the moon path. I catch glimpses of tall pagodas
that remind me of the far east, and temples with a
whole lot of incense. Color seeps back into our
surroundings as the sky grows brighter. The pillar of
moonlight marking the end of the path looms ahead.
 "We're almost there."
 "Farewell, Child of Rat."
  I'm not sure what to make of our surroundings.
We dismount. It's not cold, but there's snow
 329
everywhere. Stranger still, we're standing in the
middle of a bamboo forest.
 Annette lowers her hood. "I'm sweating." She
removes her glove and reaches down to grab a hand full
of snow. "It's like sevent y degrees out here, and the
snow isn't cold."
 Mirae bends down to examine the 'snow' too.
"What is it?"
 Annette shakes her head.  "Hell if I know."
 Lilly looks up at the sky, as if it could answer all
her questions.  "Where are we?"
 I check the minimap on my VT, zoom out, and
do a double take. "Can't say I've ever been here before."
Lilly looks expectant. "We're  in Taiwan, or... whatever
the Haven equivalent is.  If we run into players it's a
trippy experience, their lips move, but the sound comes
out like a dubbed movie because they speak a different
real world native language and the system translates to
common."
 I scratch the back of my head, and squint against
the sun. "Doesn't look like we're close to any cities
though.  I don't even see a road."
 Mirae asks, "You think Winter made a mistake?"
 I shake my head no. "Spirits don't make
mistakes unless something intentionally misleads them.
 330
Which..."  I ponder. "May be why we're not standing
in front of a bunch of elves. Winter said she couldn't get
an exact location."
 Lilly claps her hands,  "It ain't all bad."
 Tako seems less pleased to be in an empty forest,
"Why?"
 The goblin rubs her palms together.  "Taiwanese
monsters."
 Frobod asks, "Does anyone even know what the
name of the kingdom is here ? I'm pretty sure Haven is
just North America."
 I rub my temples trying to think. "There are a
few of them, but I can't remember Taiwan specifically. I
know Korea is Seong Yeok, which basically translates to
'Sanctuary' or 'Haven' in English so they might just
name each Haven Online country after the word for
Haven in language of that market."
 Lilly trails, "So Taiwan would be..."
 "Mandarin."
 The goblin looks impressed. "How do you know
about so many Asian languages?"
 "Lived in Korea for three years, studied
Mandarin in high school and college, as well as two
years of Japanese, and a year of French.  Oh, and I
learned a bit of Indonesian from friends, and Thai...
 331
and Greek...  Really anything people wanted to
teach me."
 Now Frobod's staring at me uncomprehendingly.
"I thought you were a game designer... Why?"
 "It's interesting. I like talking to people from
different places."
 "You're a strange lady.   If I had those skills I'd
be putting them to work."
 "Game design is more fun than translating legal
documents."
 Lilly nods, "She's got a point. Anyway, miss
smarty pants.  Based on your extensive study of
Chinese, what's the name of  the Taiwanese kingdom?"
 I shrug, "Same as China I guess, so... Ying Can
Chu? Bi Nan Suo, maybe? Doesn't really matter unless
we go to a city."
 Annette ties her coat arou nd her waist, revealing
a short sleeve, linen top. "I'm still trying to figure out
what this white stuff is." She toys with a bit of the not-
snow, and sniffs it in her hand. "Doesn't smell like
anything."
 "Just try not to...  I don't know,  snort it."
 I type a quick message to guild chat, in case any
other groups are still hunting.

 332
Melpomine:  Ke'bla Elves are somewhere in Taiwan.
Still haven't found them, but we're close

Laurelade: We're still in Arctica.

Sajina: We just found Winterland.  No one's
mentioned the Ke'bla elves.

Laurelade: They bake cookies in trees, it's in the lore.

 I eye the bamboo.

Melpomine:  Thanks for the tip.  We'll look for a tree
big enough to house a bakery.

Melpomine: Right now we're standing in a bamboo
forest.

Laurelade: How did you get to Asia?

Melpomine: Winter gave us a moonwalk.

Laurelade: Who gave a what?

 333
Melpomine: I take it you don't have one of the rage
babies in your group.

Laurelade: We didn't bother.

Melpomine: If you have a Freeworld were with you, it
unlocks a side quest with a se asonal spirit who offers to
help in exchange for bringing the ghost girl back to her
family.

Sajina: Really? Leroy has the toymakers building
us a boat and trying to piece together some kind of map.
Melpomine: Our quest line is totally different.  Good
luck.  If they send you after the Ke'bla, you'll probably
end up in Taiwan. I'll let you know if we find them.

Sajina: Okay, but we might be going after Kel'rog
elves.

Melpomine: What are they?

Sajina: Long lost orphans, with a talent for
making delightful breakfasts.

 334
 "Huh..." I look to the party. "Sounds like
anyone who could cook disappeared when the Ke'bla
fled. In any case, Laurelade says they bake cookies in
trees, so maybe look for a big one, or some really small
people."
 Tako shakes a bamboo stalk dubiously.  "No tiny
elves."
 "Is anyone else getting tired?" A few nods, it's
morning here but our body clocks still think it's nearing
bedtime. "Let's walk around and see if we can find
anything. Keep an eye out for a good place to set up
camp. I don't see any mobs, but be ready."
 I equip Bite, and buff up ju st in case we run into
something dangerous. Whistling wind and the
heartbeat thump-bump thump-bump of the enhanced
dexterity and vitality buffs sound in my ears. Mirae and
Annette string their bows, Frobod hefts his sword, and
Tako and Lilly ready their daggers.

 335

Enhanced Dexterity.
Dexterity increased by 10%.
Duration: 60 minutes remaining.

Enhanced Vitality.
Regeneration Increased by 10%.
Duration: 60 minutes remaining.

 The not-snow crunches underfoot as we pass
between tall stalks of green bamboo. The fake snow
seems to collect along their lengths like inch marks on a
ruler.
 L i l l y  s a y s ,  " I  h a t e  b e i n g  o n  a  n e w  m a p  w i t h  n o
idea what to do."
 "You and I both." For the time being my minds
more on finding a place to make camp than finding the
elves, since I've yet to see trees spaced far enough apart
to pitch a tent. We might end up sleeping beneath the
sky."Well... It is pretty here, if nothing else."
 Happy birdsong sweeps from the trees.
Sometimes leaves and branches shake, which makes
m e  f e e l  g o o d  t o  k n o w  w e ' r e  s u r r o u n d e d  b y  n o n - p l a n t
life, even if it's not likely the sort to drop any loot.  I'm
feeling good, but I can tell th at forty five minutes of
 336
walking around and looking at trees is wearing thin
on the male party members' nerves.
 Tako kicks a mound of unsnow as he complains,
"Everywhere we go looks th e same. This is taking
forever."
 I can't argue.   It's a nice hike, but not what we
came here for.
 "Alright.  Let's make camp and hope we come up
with a better idea when we wake up."
 Frobod eyes our surroundings, "Where do we
put the tent?" He's more reserved in his complaints, but
I can tell he's burdened by our lack of progress due to
the determination in his steps, and reserved posture
when we stop. It's like he wants to keep going, but
doesn't have any idea of wh ere so taking a moment to
look around  may be just as good an idea as any.
 "We'll just have to sl eep under the canopy." I
recheck the map and see we'r e still right in the middle
of a forested area.  There are no landmarks, because we
haven't found any. it only auto-populates when
someone marks your map, or you've seen it in person.
 Mirae's already setting up her stuff. "You know,
since this white stuff isn't col d, it can actually make a
decent bed if you don't just want to sleep on the ground
 337
with a bedroll." She licks some of the not-snow from
her fingers. "Guys..."
 Tako gives her a questioning look, "Yeah?"
 She sucks another one of her fingers. "It tastes
good. It's sugary."
 I look from Mirae to Annette, back to Mirae and
inspect her to see if she has any debuffs from eating the
stuff.  There are none to be found. Then back to
Annette, "Why didn't you say something?"
 "I didn't taste it. Didn't seem like a good idea to
put something in my mouth that I just found on the
ground."
 "... good point." I look to Mirae, "Why did you
taste it?"
 H e r  f a c e  i s  f i l l e d  w i t h  a n  e x p r e s s i o n  o f  ' I  d o n ' t
know.' "I guess it seemed like a snow cone or something.
If you've got to warn against eating the yellow snow, the
white should be okay, right?"
 "I'm just going to call this a happy accident, and
be glad that it doesn't seem to be sticky like sugar."
 Lilly marvels, as she chews a mouth full. "Rob
would love this. It's harder than you think to replace
sugar in Haven. Usually he's gotta sweeten with fruit n'
berries, but they have their own flavors."
 338
 Tako says, "I thought you sold pies for
Thanksgiving."
 "We did, and they were good, but not quite like
they were back home if yo u know what I mean. He had
to jury-rig the shit out of that recipe with some kind of
root that doesn't even exist in real life. Wait, I'm gonna
tell him."
 I laugh, "Use guild chat so we can see his
response."

SalemLilly: Rob, we found sugar.

 A minute passes.

SalemLilly: Rob, sugar. We found it. A whole fricking
forest of it.

 No answer.

SalemLilly: Rob!

Pohrum: He's sleeping.

SalemLilly: Wake his ass up . I got news over here.

 339

Pohrum: Are you sure?

SalemLilly: I'll take the blame. He is not allowed to
get mad at you over it, and we got guild chat as a record.

 Another couple minutes pass, and Lilly implores.
"Send out an announcement, and tell him to check his
chat."
 The rest of our group is thoroughly amused by
the exchange.  It's a sign of how mind numbing our
empty search has been this pa st hour. I pull out my VT,
go to the guild interface, and push out the alert.

ROB, CHECK GUILD CHAT.

BLAME YOUR WIFE FOR WAKING YOU UP.

 Pehrom:  Fuck. Dude. I was dreaming about a
magic carpet, a pastrami sandwich, and these two
chicks with the biggest knockers... Like fucking
watermelons.  No, county fair pumpkins, but all
squishy and shit.

 Mirae scrunches her nose.  "Uhmm..."
 340
 I glance at Lilly with shifty eyes.  "Awkward."
 She laughs and shakes her head, "It ain't real.
He's just bustin' my chops for wakin' him up. It's all
good."

SalemLilly: Ha ha.  Very funny. You're such a slut, but
I guess I deserve that for waking ya..

Pehrom: Shoot. What do ya want, babe?

SalemLilly: We found sugar.  There's a whole forest of
it.

Pehrom: Like sugar sugar, or bullshit sugar?

SalemLilly: It ain't real, but it's tasty. I ain't tried to
cook or nothing, but I think you can use it.  It's like
snow, only not frozen.

Pehrom: Does it melt?

 Lilly grumbles, "That's actually a good question,
but I ain't gonna tell him that. It did kinda go to water
in my mouth."

 341

SalemLilly: What do you think? It's snow.

Pehrom: You said it ain't cold.  Where is it?

SalemLilly: Taiwan.

Pehrom: Made in Taiwan. Well I ain't there so
b r i n g  m e  a  b a g  o f  t h e  s h i t .   I f  i t ' s  a s  g o o d  a s  y o u  s a y ,
make it a really big one. Better yet, make it two.

 I try to be helpful. "It'll probably keep in
inventory if we can come up with a container. "

SalemLilly: You're gonna love it.

Pehrom: Thanks for waking me.

SalemLilly: I love ya.

Pehrom: Love you too.

SalemLilly: Good night.

 342
 Lilly stretches. "I guess now we gotta get
workin' on findin' a container."
 "Got any lockboxes?"
 Lilly pulls one out of her inventory, along with a
set of lock picks she to open the lock. "It was big
enough for a shield so..." Sh e begins scooping the white
substance off the ground and into the box like she's
making snow bricks.  "A few cubic feet of the stuff
should be more than enough to get him started."
 Mirae, Tako, Annette, and Frobod have already
settled into their bedrolls.   I settle on top of mine,
looking up at the canopy. "Let 's get some rest." The sun
is bright, but there's enough green shade from the trees
that it's not beating on my eyes.

You are in bed.
Would you like to sleep? Yes / No

 I choose yes.


 343



Chapter 15 - Goh Tchu

 As an elf, Mirae's the first to rise, followed by me
and Tako a few hours later. I stretch. It's still daylight,
but the sun is closer to the opposite horizon from when
we arrived. I stretch. The ai r is clean and crisp in my
lungs. I'm surprised not to feel dirty, and it feels
wonderful. I don't think I've ever slept in a forest
without a tent, either in this world or the other.
 "Glad we didn't get eaten."
 Mirae nods, and looks thoughtful. "We didn't."
There's a weight to her words beyond morning banter.
 "I'm sensing there's a but..."
 She nods. "A few of them . Do you want the quest
version, or the not getting eaten part of it?"
 344
 "Let's start with the quest, since that's why
were here."
 Tako yawns, "Good morning."
 Mirae offers a quick smile to her boyfriend.
"Check your inventory for the painting. We all got a
copy of it when you picked it up in Winterland, but now
my copy's gone."
 I reach into my inventor y and fish around with
my hand, usually the item I'm thinking of just appears
under my fingers and I'm able to pull it out, but nothing
comes up.  I then check my VT, to see the full list of
items that should be in my virtual bags.
 "It's not here." Heart pounding, I scroll through
all my other unused gear, to make sure it hasn't been
deleted. I don't know what I'll do if Jordan's gear is
missing.
 Mirae's more calm. "I already checked my stuff,
it's all there except the painting. I'll bet yours is too."
 Tako's also frantically scrolling through his
items, though the urgency of  his swipes and taps seems
to fade as he spends more time looking. "I don't see
anything missing, but I didn't even notice that I had a
copy of the painting in the first place.  I thought it was
all Mel."
 Mirae sounds hopeful, "Do you still have it?"
 345
 Tako shakes his head no .  "I was just taking
your word that I got it.  No painting."
 Mirae sighs.  "This is a problem. If the quest is
bugged, we might not be able to complete it since
there's no tech support."
 Tako scratches his head. "Maybe there's a way
around it?"
 It's nice to see him optimistic, because I'm
thinking, "Maybe that's why this place is so empty.
Quest item, equals encounter trigger, equals monsters
and NPCs that will advance our quest."
 Mirae says, "Maybe? My gu ess is that we need
the painting to gain the trust of the Ke'bla. "
 Tako nods, "So it's a rep grind.  Could take
longer, but still doable."
 I groan, "If we can even find them. They hid
from Winter. She's a major spirit.  How do you gain rep
with a faction you can't even see?"
 Mirae nods. "Yeah..."
 "No painting means no encounter. No encounter
means no trust. No trust means no cookies.  And no
cookies means no saving Ch ristmas, and getting the
quest reward." I look to Frobod whose still sound
asleep. I'm suddenly glad that humans are
 346
automatically out for eigh t hours unless otherwise
woken. "Let's not panic the big guy."
 Tako smirks. "Who's pa nicking? I'll only freak
out when I can see that loot slipping through my
hands." Mirae stares at hi m long and hard, and then
hugs his arm. I feel like a whole conversation just
happened that I wasn't a part of.  Fortunately, Tako
seems to feel the same way because he scratches the top
of her head. "I like hugs as much as the next guy...
Especially when they're coming from you, but what did
I do?"
 She beams. "You just talked about the loot
slipping through your hands."
 "Yeah.. So?"
 Her smile falters. "I thought that meant you
were planning to choose one of the evolving legendary
items."
 Ahhh... So that's it.  Mirae thought he just
announced that he'd planned to stay with her instead of
going back to his family for the holidays. I try to lighten
the mood. "Technically the items are just 'legendary
potential,' they probably start as rares."
 That doesn't seem to have helped, because Tako
looks completely baffled. "Of course, I want an evolving
item, but the logout's what everyone wants from this."
 347
 Mirae frowns. "What happened to just
waiting for them to fix it?"
 Tako shifts uncomfortably . "I'm still okay with
that. I'm not chasing anything, but if it's there, why
not?"
 "Well, it is a chance to get a one of a kind item
with legendary potential."
 He looks back and forth between me and Mirae,
t o r n  a n d  u n s u r e  o f  w h a t  t o  s a y .  " I  d o  l i k e  l o o t .  I  j u s t
thought you wanted me to talk  to your family and stuff.
If the quest is broken, I'm still cool to sit back, enjoy
Freehaven, and wait for them to fix it, since we're not
dying in Meatsville."
 Mirae's face twists like she's taken a big bite out
of a rotten apple.
 I put a comforting hand on her arm. "Cheer up.
You've got a guy willing to give up Legendary Potential
gear for you."
 Tako stares down at his VT, trying not to make
eye contact as he types something in his interface. A
private message arrives.

TakoStar: Thanks, dude. You're my wingman.

 348
 I roll my eyes. "This whole conversation has
become way too serious.  Wh at's the other thing you
were going to tell us?"
 That snaps Mirae out of a daze, and she stands,
motioning us to follow. "We weren't eaten but..." She
leads us a few paces away from our bedrolls, and then
points down and into the snow. "Look at this."
 I follow the line from the tip of her finger to the
earth, and my breath catches. "Wow..." Not just a
footprint, but a tangled jumble of footprints with five
clawed digits, not so surpri sing considering that we're
in the forest, until I place my foot beside it and see that
it's more than double its length.
 "That's... big." Of course we've seen bigger
monsters, we just fought one in flux realm, but I'm not
sure how I feel about them wandering around so close
to where we are sleeping. "What is it?"
 Tako says, "Looks like a paw print."
 I give him a flat look th at says, 'Are you serious?'
and flash him a mocking toothy smile.
 Mirae squats beside it, and motions with her
finger. "My tracking skill's not so good, but it could be a
bear."
 Tako says, "Dire bear is more like it."
 349
 She nods.  "That's what I was thinking except
for one thing." She motions from the jumbled tracks in
front of us, to a long line of them reaching deeper into
the forest. A few paces off.  "What do you see?"
 Tako smirks.  "Footprints."
 I give him another sarcastic smile, but Mirae
touches my arm before I can respond. "He's right. Like
I said, my tracking skill isn't so good, but it looks to me
like it was walking on two legs."
 "A were maybe?"
 Tako shakes his head no. "If it was a were we'd
either be dead, or something would have woken us up."
 Mirae nods her agreement.
 '... but the size is right.  I've never seen a Haven
were, but in the Freeworld they're typically a few feet
taller than their human selves in war form, with
correspondingly larger hand and foot sizes."
 Tako, apparently feeling the need to be right,
says, "Yeah... but that doesn't change the fact that
Haven weres rip into anything that has a pulse."
 I shrug, and look back to where the others are
sleeping. "That's all I've go t.  Seems reasonable to
assume that whatever it is might be intelligent since
most upright walking creatures are."
 Tako smirks, "Starving vampires. Once men."
 350
 "Ostriches?"
 I sigh. "Whatever. I'll let you figure it out."
Quietly, my money's still on weres because it 's the
Winter quest, started by Annette, that brought us here.
 "Let's go back and wait for everyone to get up."
* * * * *
 "Good news and bad news."
 Frobod's packing his bedroll up.  "What is it?
Start with the bad."
 "The bad news is we lo st Tiasol's painting."
 "What happened to it?"
 "We woke up, and it disappeared from inventory,
but don't worry nothing else is gone."
 "That's not good."
 I nod. "I know."
 "What's the good news?"
 "We found tracks near our camp, and we can
follow them."
 Frobod brightens. "Well that's good then. Maybe
whatever left the tracks stole the painting."
 My own palm hits me in the forehead. "I'm an
idiot."
 "What?"
 "For the last two hours we've been going back
and fourth about footprints, and how we're going to
 351
complete the quest, and you wake up and state the
obvious that went right over all three of our heads."
 Frobod looks more baffled than smug. "Glad I
could help."
 Tako says, "You didn't tell him that the prints
have claws."
 "Do they?"  The death knight seems unbothered.
"A lot of things have claws, and since the game hasn't
left any other clues, that's probably it."
 Lilly, sucks on a mouth full of sweet not-snow,
when she talks.  "Only one way to find out."
 "We follow the trail then." I take a moment to
survey the surrounding area, noting the densely packed
bamboo shoots. "Hoofing it will be better than trying to
ride through all the trees."
 "No complaints from me."
 "Let's go."
 For ten minutes, I feel as if we aren't making
progress. We're on the trail, but everything on this map
looks so similar. Birds singing, 'snow' crunching under
foot, it's also filled with the same forest sounds. Then a
note of red catches my eye, something round and
tasseled like a bearded bubble. A bird feeder maybe?
It's some twelve feet off the ground, and twenty off the
trail stuck on a tiny bamboo branch.
 352
 I stop and point. "You see that?"
 Lilly squints.  "What is it?"
 Tako says, "I can probably shoot it down."
 I nod for him to give it a try. THWAP! a fast
arrow whizzes toward the object, and just as soon it
falls to the earth.  It's a slow  fall, a bit like a plastic bag
caught in the wind.
 "Stay here. I'll go get it." I return holding the
crimson item. "It's a paper lantern."
 Lilly says, "Finally."
 I nod. "Looks like we're not alone." I can't help
but feel vindicated in saying that. "Keep on the trail."
 The lantern is only the firs t sign of intelligent life.
Before long, wind chimes jangle as nature decides to
stir them, and a series of tall pilings carved and
scorched with foreign pictographs appear several feet to
either side of the clawed tracks. I linger at the first of
the poles, examining and tracing the marks with my
fingers. The characters aren't Chinese. It feels like if I
had razor sharp and strong cl aws, I could make similar
markings, with precise rakes of my hands. It's starting
to feel more and more like a settlement as opposed to a
lonely soul out in the woods somewhere.
 This suspicion is all but confirmed when the
mouth of a cave  set in a sizeable rock formation looms
 353
up ahead. Before it stands a sturdy wooden
s t r u c t u r e  l i k e  a n  e m p t y  d o o r w a y .   I t ' s  s t i l l  a  w a y s  o f f ,
but from here I can see a convex bowing roof that could
cradle the sun. A top beam is painted red, with bands of
gold. I take these to be cultural symbols of good fortune.
   "Please stop."  It's a low rumbling voice that
sounds like a mountain, but it's not unkind. It is
however startling since it comes directly behind our
party.
 I turn, to see a bear... man...  panda  standing a
good nine and a half feet tall, with a bladed spear on his
shoulder. From the way he's st anding it's hard to tell if
he's wearing a long kilt, skirt, or extremely wide legged
pleated pants in the kendo st yle with a rope belt. His
top is a simple white linen tunic, with pink embroidery.
I like the colors.
 We all turn, having expected an attack if
approached from behind, not a soft, furry, warrior.
 "We've been watching."
 "O...kay..."  My eyes dart to the surrounding
trees and sign posts looking for others, but so far as I
can tell there's no other we in the vicinity.
 Lilly says,  "It talks..."
 I cock my head toward Annette, "She talks."
 "Yeah, but she's special."
 354
 The panda man asks, "Have you eaten?" I
shake my head no.  "Then le ts sit and enjoy a  meal
together?"
 "Alright..." I begin walking toward the gate.
 I only make it a step before a furry hand catches
my shoulder. "This way."
  Tako says, "At least, I don't think he's going to
eat us."
 The panda laughs, a deep throaty sound that
reminds me of how Santa's supposed to be. "Of course
not. We don't eat people." He shakes his head and
chuckles.  "Goh Tchu  eating a person. Just imagine."
 I, notice that unlike us, he's not leaving
footprints in the snow, and take a moment to inspect
our host.

Lao Fan
Type:                                NPC
Race:                           Goh Tchu
Appearance:                      4
Challenge:                      ????

 He leads us to a round gazebo with a square
upturned roof. At it's center is an eating table, with
cushions for up to eight people to sit around the table.
 355
Decorative scrolls painted in foreign calligraphy
depict fierce panda warriors in fantastic poses in the
heat of battle.
 Lao Fan motions with his heavy paw. "Please sit,
and be welcome."
 He sits, and a hummingbird zips into the
structure buzzing around the panda's face. He extends
a finger which the little creature perches on. He says a
quiet something in a language I don't understand.
Certainly not Chinese. I'm also surprised to notice that
Lao Fan has a thumb and five extra fingers. I guess I
always associate weres in their anthropomorphic forms
to be more or less human in body structure in spite of
the fur.
   "There." He says sitt ing cross legged, resting his
spear behind him and putting his hands on his knees.
"Food will arrive shortly. Wi ll you do me the honor of
showing your true selves fo r this meeting?" Though he
speaks to all of us, his eyes are locked on Annette.
 I'm pretty sure I know what he's getting at, but
Lilly is slower on the upta ke. "Whattaya mean? This is
as true as I get." She paus es, and then looks to me,
"Unless he somehow knows about our aliases? You
think we have to switch to our mains?"
 356
 "I don't think so." I look to Annette, then
back to Lao Fan whose eyes ar e set on her. "I think he
just means shape changers."
 Annette points at herself, "Me?"
 I nod, and address Lao Fa n. "She's still kind of
new to this."
 Lao Fan returns my nod. "Even so. Know that
you are welcome."
 Annette's hesitant at first, and then sheds her
human skin. Bristles of fur spring up on her face like a
beard, then cover her arms, and now her entire head.
Her entire face stretches forward becoming more
mousey with long whiskers. Seconds later, she sits a
good head taller than she did.
 "Child of Rat..." He says, "Or do you prefer
Plaguebringer?" At first I think it sounds like an insult,
but the tone of voice imposed upon the latter title
makes me feel it's a tone of  respect. "It's been some
time since we've heard of your kind."  He chuckles. "At
least you're not a wolf."
 "You can just call me Annette."
 Frobod stirs in his clunky  armor.  "You don't like
wolves?"
 "We all serve the mother, but... Some breeds are
prouder than others, and touchier to deal with."
 357
 Speaking to Lao Fan, "What exactly is this
Plaguebringer business? I'm supposed to be teaching
her but that one's new to me."
 "You're teaching her? She has no Rat Mother?"
Pandas don't exactly have eyebrows,  but  the skin
above his eyes lifts a bit, as his face grows skeptical.
 I give a tight smile. "It's a long story. How do you
even know anything about what she is?"
 "That's a long story too."
 "I don't doubt it."
 The panda's words are cut off by another panda
entering the gazebo with a good eight stalks of bamboo
over his shoulders, which he deposits behind Lao Fan.
Behind him a panda woman scurries, as well as any
seven foot tall woman can be said to scurry, in a red
and black dress. It's interesting that she has a full mane
of human black hair atop her hair pulled into a pony
tail, unlike Lao Fan who just has fur.  I wonder at the
difference between sexes.
  She places a tea set on the table, distributes
small ceramic cups to each of us, and fills them  from
the steaming pot. Accompanying the tea is an
assortment of cookies, sugar, coconut fudge striped,
and chocolate discs that remind me of Girl Scout mint
cookies.
 358
 "Help yourselves. "
  "Thank you."  I smile. More than anything else,
this appetizer assures me that we're on the right path.
"These cookies look delicious. " I help myself to one of
the mints, and take a disappoin ted bite to discover they
taste like nothing.  This is tragic.  The more I look at
them, the more convinced I am that a real chocolate
mint cookie is exactly what I need to hit the spot.
 I hadn't noticed her a rrival, but another panda
woman, this one in yellow and pink appears at my side
with a glass and a pitcher full of sweating milk.
 CRUNCH!
 Lao Fan takes a shoot of bamboo in hand, and
bites clean through it.
 "This may be the only chance to ask this, so
please don't be offended."
 "Yes?"
 "Why do pandas eat so much bamboo."
 He snorts, smiles, and CRUNCH-CRACK, he
takes another bite, chewing enthusiastically.  "Isn't it
obvious?"
 Mirae shakes her head. "Not really. Aren't
pandas built to be carnivores? I think I learned that as a
kid, like their.. your... bodies are built to digest meat,
but they... you eat bamboo anyway."
 359
 CHRUCH-CRACH... nom nom nom. "Are
those sweet treats healthy?"
 Tako takes a sugar cookie in hand, examines it,
and pops it in his mouth. "I don't know. I can't read the
label, but seeing a plate of them makes me feel festive."
 "Yeah." Frobod, adds. "It may not be good for
you, but they lift the spirit." He smiles sheepishly.
"Mandy and I make Christ mas tree cookies every year
to take back to her mother. Sometimes I try to get her
to try stars or snowmen, but she insists that trees are
our thing."
 KA-CRUNCH... smack smack smack. Gulp. Lao
Fan smiles,"The same with bamboo."
 Now everyone who's tried a cookie has a glass of
milk, and Frobod sports th e beginning of a one sided
milk mustache.  "It lifts the spirit?"
 I look at him dabbing the corner of my upper lip,
and he wipes it off.
 "... and it tastes good." CRUNCH ...nom nom
nom...   He sets the shoot he'd been destroying aside,
and sips from a cup of te a. The cup is miniscule
compared to his wide bear face. "In the First Home,
Plaguebringers were Rodeki n who kept the population
under control. If a species became too plentiful,
populated, magically resistan t to illness, or immortal,
 360
they would come to restore the balance by
spreading incurable pestilence."
 I note use of the words Rodekin and species,
"You're not from Haven." He also didn't have any
reaction to Frobod's use of the word Christmas.
 He inclines his head in a way that says, "What do
you think? I'm not going to tell you."
 I've never heard of a Freeworld were-panda
though, there are were-bears,  but so far as I know they
only come in  brown, black, polar, and grizzly. "You
might say I have some experience with Rodekin magic."
I think back on the story we told Zarentu about the
origins of Adventurers, and decide to spin it to Lao Fan.
"I'm an adventurer.  We all are, save for Annette. I've
been a Rodekin before."
 I expect this statement to be met with
incomprehension, but he nods in acceptance. Your
ancestors are strong, if you bear their memories. I
shake my head no. "It's not ex actly like that. We're, like
disembodied spirits ..." I think again, realizing this
could get us side tracked.  "Forget I said that.  You are
correct to say that I have me mories from another life.
It just doesn't work quite the way you imagine."
 He nods, serenely and takes another sip.
 "I have to say, you're remarkably calm."
 361
 "We Goh Tchu are the most level headed of
the mother's children, except perhaps the spiderfolk."
 He reaches for the rest of his bamboo stalk and
takes a crunchy bite, as th e panda woman in red and
black enters with a trey filled with many plates of
dumplings. I inwardly wince, finding this part of the
game way too cruel.  Everything I see, I want to eat with
flavor.
 Behind her, another male enters, in a similar
tunic and baggy pants, holding the covered canvas.
 "Ah, the main course."
 The panda in red and black distributes bamboo
chopsticks to each of us.  My eyes follow the canvas.
"You took our painting."
 "Yes." Lao Fan, puts a dumpling in his mouth. "...
and you are trespassing. You don't seem hostile." He
indicates us with a wave of  his big hand, "...and we
p r e f e r  n o t  t o  k i l l  i f  w e  don't have to. Unnecessary
violence is bad for the spir it, and we don't care for
enemies."
 Mirae asks, "You're pacifists?"
 "We'd be having a very different conversation if
you showed up with an army."
 Frobod says, "Glad to hear that. So what do you
plan to do with us?"
 362
 "Under normal circumstances, we'd put you
to sleep, cloud your mind, an d put you on a boat bound
for the mainland. No harm done, and you'd forget all
about it."
 I have a feeling we'd all be wondering why we
were in China.
 Frobod puts a dumpling in his mouth and
swallows."But these aren't normal circumstances."
 Lao Fan motions to the painting with an
extended claw and makes a twirling motion. The Goh
Tchu man removes the covering revealing an image
that none of us had seen yet. Tiasol, a smiling San'ta
man and a lovely blonde ha ired little boy with long
pointed ears, and freckles on his cheeks. The portrait
resonates with holiday cheer.
 "What can you tell me about this?"
 Tako leans back a bit.  "It's a portrait."
 I sigh. "The woman in this picture is named
Tiasol, and she asked us to br ing this to her parents so
they can see her family. The father's name is Rurodin,
and his wife is Helsidol. She also asked that we bring
any correspondence from then  with us when we return
to Arctica."
 "I see." Lao Fan crosses his big arms over his
chest, and stares intently at  all of us.  The seconds of
 363
silence feel like they're dragging on for hours. I can
almost see the wheels turning in his head, trying to
decide our fate.
 Frobod breaks the silence. "So... Can you help
us?"
 Lao Fan looks to Frobod, "What makes you think
I can help?"
 The death knight indicates the picture. "We
wouldn't be here talking if you didn't find the portrait
so, the tells me you know something about it."
 The panda shakes his head. "Even without the
painting, we'd be talking. A child of Rat in this world is
remarkable, and we will always greet our cousins."
 "What do you mean 'this world?'  Where do you
come from?"
 Lao Fan shakes his head again. "No. Even I don't
have the authority to speak of this.  At least, not
without council."
 Frobod interjects, "So what about the elves
then?"
 "For this, I must also call council. Please wait
while I do so, and be welcomed as our honored guests."
 Lilly sighs, "Sounds like it's gonna take a while."
 Mirae nods, "More waiting."
 364
 "Hey, before ya go. Can ya at least tell us
where ta find some monsters? We walked forever
through the forest and didn't see a thing."
 "You... want to find monsters?"   He sounds
surprised. "You like danger."
 Lilly shrugs, "Little tamin', little huntin'. Ya
know how it goes, it passes the time."
 I hold my breath hoping the proposed activities
don't offend Lao Fan's pacifistic sensibilities. but he
nods. "This part of the fore st is well protected. You
won't find any here, but if yo u'd like to help protect the
wild borders while you wait," He whistles a pair of
notes which calls a hummingbird to him, he addresses
it in the same rumbling language he used before, and it
flies off. "I'll send, Xiao Guo to help and show the way."
 Lilly claps her hands and rubs them together.
"Finally, some good news."
 "When you return we'll have made our
decisions."



 365


Chapter 16 - Taming

 Xiao Guo is a youthful Goh Tchu, dressed in the
same flowing pants as the other males we've
encountered, black instead of white, with a blood red
linen Tunic. I find his name  funny, Xiao meaning small
in Chinese, considering his towering, strong armed, pot
bellied size. His enthusiasm, which is great,
unfortunately isn't quite matched by his intelligence as
for the third time since leaving the pagoda, he stops,
scratches his head, looks up to the sky, and through the
trees to the distance.
 Lilly asks, "You know wh ere we're goin' right?"
 He taps the flat of his spear against the side of
his head, as if somehow it would make the way clearer.
 " O h  y e a h .  I ' v e  b e e n  l o t s  o f  t i m e s .  I t ' s  j u s t
uhmmm." He looks into the distance with a slack jawed
 366
expression that makes me think he's got a hamster
running on a wheel somewhere to keep his brain going.
"Right over there, I promis e. "He pulls on a stalk of
Bamboo, breaks it, tosses one end over his shoulder,
and puts the other in his mouth. "It sure is great to
have visitors. I've never seen people that look like you."
He gives Mirae a look. "I guess I've seen some look
kinda like her but their hair's all different."
 "You've met other elves?"
 "Oh yeah." Xiao Guo munches on his stalk.
"They make great snacks in their tree."
 Frobod says, "You've seen the Ke'bla."
 Xiao Guo looks startled. "Uhmmm.. I don't
know."
 Lilly piles on, "Do ya know where to find em'?"
 The panda looks at his feet and shuffles uneasily.
"Uhm. I can't remember." This guy's a bad liar. I
almost pity him. "But yeah, I've never seen a child of
Rat  before, so that's awesome.  You guys living in
Haven now?  Where'd you come down?"
 Annette's slow to answer, "Come down?"
 "Yeah, like.. Your ship. Where've you been
living."
 "I live in Dragonswood." It's a statement but it
sounds like she's asking a question.
 367
 "Oh wow, I've never heard of that. It must be
nice. How many are you? I guess you got dragons too."
 Annette nods,  "Lots of dragons, but only three
of us."
 "Wow.  That's awesome. I mean the dragons, not
that there's just three of you. That's pretty sad cause
you know. Rats. There were so many. That's what the
elders say, anyway."
 Annette looks to me, and then to the panda like
she's wondering if they're having the same conversation.
 There's a red flash up ahead, followed by a
screech, and a flash of blue.
 "What's that?" Frobod asks.
 Xiao Guo  hefts his spear unperturbed. "Just a
bunch of rats."  He looks to Annette, "No offense.
You're good, but those are the bad kind. C'mon you'll
see.  They're always trying to steal the elves and their
food. "
 I nearly facepalm on his behalf. Even I can tell
that the Ke'bla are supposed to be a secret, but this
guy...
 We come to the top of a steep incline, at the
bottom of which are two rat like creatures, not unlike
the Kryobeavers. They're about four feet tall and seem
comfortable running on either two or four legs. While
 368
their tails are similar to Annette's, goat like horns
protrude from their greasy heads, and a fan of violent
spines stick out of their backs. Also like the kryobeavers,
they've got a single Nosfera tu fang in place of what
should be a pair of flat rodent incisors.
 "Rat fiends. Each is bo und to a corrupted spirit
that serves the devourer. We get all kinds." He points
with the end of his spear. "That one's frozen, and that
one's burning. They're the most common, but
sometimes you'll see rotting and void fiends too."
 "Do they often sneak into your ahh... territory?"
 Xiao Guo shakes his head, "Not usually. The
warders and Father Owl do a good job of keeping them
out, but we still patrol out here a bit for practice beating
on live targets and to keep their numbers down."
 "So this is an Owl Tribe?"
 Xiao Guo blinks, "I don't know what you mean
by tribe, but we remember lots of spirits."
 "A tribe... you know... Your group, what do you
call your community?"
 "Oh, we're a clan."
 "Right..."  I nod.
 It's always hard to tell when you're dealing with
weres that are solitary animals. Wolves have packs,
Crows have murders, Spiders have nests, and Lions
 369
have prides... but Pandas? I guess these are a clan.
Tribe is the term commonly used in the Freeworld used
to describe a group or community of more than one
kind of shifters.
 Xiao Guo stands in plain sight of our would be
foes. "So yeah, about fighting. One day we'll get serious
and wipe them all off the island, but for now we just
keep em' out of our area."
 "Alright!"  Lilly rubs her hands together before
withdrawing her daggers and waving them to cast a
spell.   I can't see what it is, but the blades glow red.
I'm guessing that means fire since they remind me of
branding irons. "This time I'm gonna catch one."
 "Buff up." I wipe my hands together. Wooosh.
Thump-Bump Thump-Bump.  Two buffs appear in the
top right hand corner of my vi sion before I push myself
through the motions for casting Flow Like Water.

 370
Enhanced Dexterity.
Dexterity increased by 10%.
Duration: 60 minutes remaining.

Enhanced Vitality.
Regeneration Increased by 10%.
Duration: 60 minutes remaining.


 Given that Xiao Guo indicated Frozen and Fire
varieties of our enemies I also focus and activate Shield
of Harmony, Aura of Emptiness in case of elemental
attacks. "You might want to hold off on the fire
Elemental Weapon since one of the types are fire
monsters.  They might be immune to it."

 Another buff appears.

Shield of Harmony
7% chance to negate elemental damage.
Duration: 60 minutes remaining.

 "Everyone ready?"
 Lilly holds up her hand. "Wait."

 371
She waves her knives in an intricate pattern that
reminds me of wand casting.  It ends in a long vertical
strike that cuts a hole in the universe, forming a long
dark rip that hangs in the air like a closed tent flap. A
furry pink clawed hand pushes through the opening
and widens the gap, followed by another holding a large
carrot.  Then a twitching bunny nose, and buck toothed
bunny teeth.
 Lilly gapes as fluff ball rabbit ears emerge, and
then giant, furry, hind legs  in a shade of bubblegum
pink.
 "You've gotta be kidding me."
 The rabbit, twitches it's nose, and takes a big bite
out of the carrot. With its free hand, it reaches down,
disturbs the earth, and comes up with a big sharp stone,
"I've got a rock."
 I can't help but laugh as I inspect the summon.

(Fluxed) Stone Throwing Bunny
Type:               NPC (Summoned)
Race:                 Devil, Beast
Appearance:              3
Challenge:            Difficult

 "We were warned, before we entered."
 372
 Lilly protests, "No way!  My other spells went
back to normal."
 The rabbit takes another bite of carrot and
juggles the jagged stone in one hand. "I've got a rock."
 The goblin moves her mouth to say something
but then closes it. "I don't know whether to be horrified
or thrilled. He doesn't look too intimidating, but who
else has got a Stone Throwing Bunny?"
 Frobod eyes our opponents down the hill, and
speaks in a distracted voice. "Not me. I'm ready to go."
 Tako makes a show of checking his VT, then
snaps. "I left mine at home."
 Mirae reaches her hand out to touch the creature.
It nuzzles into her palm.  "He's adorable."
 "I've got a rock."
 T a k o  s a y s ,  " Y o u  s h o u l d  r i d e  i t  a r o u n d  t h r o u g h
town like a mount... I would."
 Lilly's voice is caught between agitation and
wonder as she directs her summon. "Bunny. Attack
whatever she's hitting." and motions to me. "I'm
ready."
 "I've got a rock."
 I use Bite to point at the rat fiends. "Let's go."
 We charge down the hill with weapons in hand,
picking up speed like a formation of cavalry. Tako
 373
vanishes from my side and reappears behind the
snarling mob with reddish fur. I follow his example.
Stepping into Xiao Guo's shadow, and out of the red
monster's beside Tako. I wast e no time. Bite slams into
the back of  the rat fiend's leg causing its knee to buckle.
Tako pierces it with his dagger.
 The combination of our two strikes drops it's
health by 30%.
 It screeches in rage, and whirls to face us. It's
just in time for a flash of green light from one of Mirae's
magic arrows to hit its back, and Lilly to step out of its
shadow. Lilly connects with a burning FWOOF and dull
POOM that marks a direct hit with the Cinderburst
stored in her dagger.
 Tank plus double DPS shadow step. OP.  I file
that away as a viable PvP tact ic in case we're ever in a
mass battle.

SalemLilly has Killed  Burning Rat Fiend.

 Lilly howls. "Nooooooo!!!" As the rat fiend drops
to the ground; fur crackling on fire. Zero health. "I crit!
I can't fuckin'...  Oh my God! UGGGHHH!"
 So much for taming.
 374
 "I guess now we know they're not resistant to
fire."
 "Oh it was. but I also landed 14 fricking, physical
damage on top of whatever you put out.  FML."
 To add insult to injury, the Easter Bunny
smashes the rat corpse's head with a heavy rock before
it has a chance to despawn.  Nose twitch.  Nose twitch.
"I've got a rock."
 "It's alright. You'll get the next one."
 L i l l y  n o d s  w i t h  a  l o o k  o f  g r i m   d e t e r m i n a t i o n
settling onto her face.
 Xiao Guo smashes into the blueish white frozen
rat fiend's flank with his po werful spear. The weapon
crashes into the mob with an efficient three hit combo.
 The creature stumbles back, and I hit it with my
Darksteel Chakram a second after Mirae sticks it with
another one of her green comet arrows.  Annette looses
a mundane shot which hits the mark, but the corrupted
beast doesn't seem to notice. It just hisses and claws at
Xiao Guo with icy drool, and frozen breath puffing out
of it's mouth in spite of the temperate climate.
 Frozen Rat Fiend health:  80%.
 As the only other close ranged combatant
without a teleportation ability, Frobod's finally showing
up to the battle. Swinging his greatsword down across
 375
the monster's chest, then across into it's side, ugly
red gashes appear in the wake of the impact. It makes a
snarling screech that grates on the ears that's caught
somewhere caught between wolf and raptor.
 The fiend's claws are enshrouded in icy mist, a
localized fog. It swipes acro ss Frobod's chest plate, and
the squeal of nails ripping into metal peals from his
armor.
 Frozen Rat Fiend Health: 50%
 Frobod: 90%
 "Hey!" I whistle loud to get the monster's
attention.

Taunt. Successful.
Frozen Rat Fiend attacks.

 It bolts at me, the firs t few paces a lope on all
fours, that bleed into a two legged sprint with a vile
h a n d  i n  t h e  a i r  r e a d y  t o  c o m e  d o w n  o n  m e  w h e n  i t
closes the distance.
 "Don't do anything too deadly! I want to give
Lilly a chance."
 "Thanks boss."
 I tuck out of the way of the wicked frost claws,
and counterattack with Bi te, aiming to knock the
 376
creature off balance rather than do significant
damage.  It works, because the fiend stumbles past me
with its hairless tail dragging in the dirt.
 Annette hits Frobod with a mundane arrow, and
his health hops from 90 to 100%. I'm glad to see she's
practicing, and sees the wisdom of not being in the
middle of the fight when you have literal rage issues. I
imagine doing this quest with someone like Jason
would be a lot more difficult. In fact, I'm certain we'd
have lost at least a few party members to red fury
friendly fire by now.
 I eye Xiao Guo wondering, if rage might become
an issue for him as well, but he seems happy and in
control, coming down with a two handed strike with the
business end of his weapon, which creates another red
gash in the Rat Fiend's flesh.   It whines in pain and
rage, as it spins to face us.
 Frozen Rat Fiend health:  40%.
 I spare a glance for Lilly.  "You need 20%  right?"
 "Yeah, before that there's no use tryin'. They're
too willful and attack immediately."
 I nod. "Gentle stabbing! No special abilities
unless they reduce your damage!"
 A big, course stone the size smashes into the
rat's shoulder, dropping it's health by another 20% at
 377
the same time as Frobod knocks it with a squiggly
black necrobolt, reducing it by another ten.
 Frozen Rat Fiend health: 10%.
 A voice from up the hill calls. "I've got a rock."
 Lilly shouts. "Bunny, no! Hold your fire!"
 "I've got a rock."
 The goblin reaches for her pouch of black dust
that always seems to land in the pattern of a perfect
circle surrounding a many pointed star when she tosses
it in the air. It's quite pron ounced on top of the unsnow.
A streamer of magical energy connects the space
between Lilly's eyes to the rat fiend.
 "HA!"  The Panda rejoices, as he thrusts his
spear through the creature's chest. He jerks it out
leaving a red streak along the length of his blade.
 I shake my head. "Dude..."
 Tako wipes his brow.  "I'm  starting to feel sorry
for her."
 Frobod stares at the corpse as Lilly's circle fades,
and the body despawns. "That's not cool."
 The goblin grows red in the face, an impressive
feat, considering she's green. "I..!  What...!  YOU!"   She
points an accusing finger at Xiao Guo.
 378
 He laughs merrily. "A  successful hunt! Worry
not, we will all share in the glory. The spirits will hear
of our deeds."
 I groan. Everyone's silent, except for Lilly who's
making a punished choking sound.
  The Panda's flummoxed. "Did I do wrong?" I
can hear the bewilderment in his voice.
 LIlly howls, "DID YOU DO WRONG? Every...
frickin'... time! ...and there's no more around here!"
 Mirae sighs. "She was trying to catch it."
 A look of incomprehension crosses Xiao Guo's
face. "Catch it? For what?"
 "To sell, to tame..."
 "These creatures serve the devour, they won't be
pets."
 I sigh, "She can still use them."
 "Sorry..."  Xiao Guo frowns, having caused
offense.  "... but hey we'll find more. There are always
more rat fiends!"
 "Alright!" Her words bare the sharp edge of
agitation. "Onward. Let's find some more rat fiends."
 Tako bends down to gather the loot. "Rat fiend
pelts, and an uncommon dagger."

 379
Short Frostclaw
T y p e :
                                                               Dagger
Quality:
                                                                      Uncommon

Equipped Bonus:
 Dexterity + 2
Special Properties:

Chance on hit:  Freezes target for 1 second.

 "We'll put it in the guild vault in case we recruit
someone that doesn't know how to use daggers."
 Tako shrugs, and stuffs it all in his inventory.
 I'm starting to feel dubious of Xiao Guo's claims
when we've been walking six minutes and haven't seen
any new monsters. It's almo st like the map's been
picked clean by other adventurers, but we haven't seen
any so it just must not be a very populated area. We
come to a cliff of about fifteen feet and peer over.  A trio
of Frozen Rat Fiends, a Burn ing Rat Fiend, and a Void
Rat Fiend mill about, and occasionally erupt into an
explosion of snarls and claw ed swipes aimed at their
fellows if they draw too close to each other. The
 380
Burning and Frozen rats seem particularly hostile to
one another.
 "See?" Xiao Guo points. "We found more."
 Lilly casts a spell to hold in her daggers. "Let's go
get em'."
 "Wait. Something's moving.  What is that?"
 I thought it was a rock. A massive spiny green
dome with moss growing all over it, only now it's
shaking and wobbling in place. Slowly but surely a
snapping turtle's head pops out of it, big enough to bite
one of the fiends in half.
 "Oh..."  Xiao Guo consi ders. "That's old, Shan.
We don't hurt him. He's good for the forest."
 The huge aged turtle slowly opens it's mouth
revealing a dry reptilian tongue.
 A note of nervousness creeps into Lillys voice.
"What's he doing?"
 "I don't-"
 A bright flash interrupts the panda's speech, as
forks of yellow lightning leap out of the turtle's mouth,
and into the quintet of rat fi ends.  They fall dead where
they stand, smoking. Slowly, in the way of turtles, Old
Shan extends his neck, bites, and crunches on a Frozen
Rat Fiend's bones.
 381
 L i l l y  r o a r s .  " Y o u ' v e  g o t  t o  b e  k i d d i n g  m e ! "
Old Shan tilts his lethargic he ad, so that his large black
eyes peers up to our spot on the cliff. "I'm starting to
get hungry for turtle soup!"
 Old Shan blinks, slowly and carelessly.
 A humming bird  flits between the trees, and
darts around Xiao Guo's head .  He extends a big finger,
and the little creature lands on it. "Oh. Okay." The little
creature beats its wings and flies off. "Elder Fan says
council's finished, and we should head back now."
 It seems there will be no taming today.


 382



Chapter 17 - Questions

Sajina: I don't know where you are, but Leroy
says Taiwan doesn't exist. If you check your map it's not
t h e r e .   I t ' s  l i k e  t h e  l o s t  c i t y  o f  A t l a n t i s ,  o n l y  a n  e n t i r e
country.

Melpomine: Uhmm... I've checked my map.  I've been
looking at it a lot since we go t here because this place is
so hard to navigate.  Taiwan exists.

Sajina: I don't see it on mine.  Just China, and the
rest of Asia.

Melpomine: I don't know what to say. Maybe it's only
visible once you've been here.
 383

 The walk back is largely quiet, though every time
I glance back at Tako he we ars an amused smirk on his
face.  I feel a pinch of that amusement too, but still feel
bad for Lilly. Remarkably, Xi ao Guo only seems to get
lost once on the way back.
 Lao Fan and a blonde haired, blue eyed elf await
us.  They stand together and bow to greet us.  "I trust
you enjoyed your hunt?"
 Lilly grumbles, "Frickin' wonderful."
 "The council has made two important decisions."
I incline my head in invitati on for him to keep going.
"The first is that you will be  allowed to see and visit the
Ke'bla. This man here is Iori an. He will lead you to the
family of the woman in the portrait, and grant you
immunity to the Ke'bla enchantment."
 He gives us a pleasant smile that invites warmth
and good will.
 Frobod takes a small step forward in
anticipation. "Wonderful.  That's exactly what we
wanted to hear."
 "The other is that these two..." He indicates me
and Annette, "Will have Goh Tchu enchantments lifted,
to facilitate an exchange between our peoples.  For
centuries we have dwelt upon  this world alone, and in
 384
secret. It is with great anticipation that we receive a
child of Rat. I will be the one to remove this
enchantment."
 "Lady Melpomine, Lady Annette, please come."
He gestures us forward. We approach somewhat
cautiously. I don't have any debuffs, so I'm not sure
what he means by 'enchantment.' Lao Fan holds out his
hands, palms up. "Please place your hands in my own."
 I do so. They are soft, like a cat's paws, with just
a  h i n t  o f  c a l l u s e s .   T h e y  a r e  a l s o  w a r m  l i k e  a  p e r s o n s .
He places his thumbs over my fingers and closes his
eyes.  I feel warm, a silent anticipation stirs within me
waiting for something to happen. His eyes fall open. He
reaches for a little bell that had been sitting on the table.
 DING!
 With that sound I feel as if a weight has been
lifted off my shoulders that I hadn't known was there.  I
look around, expecting something to be different, but it
all seems the same.  It's just this feeling of... release.
 I step out of the way for Annette to go through
the process.
 DING!
 "It is done. From now until you have acted with
dishonor, you are welcome."
 385

You have gained:
+1500 Reputation with Goh Tchu
You are now friendly with Goh Tchu.

 "Should you encounter any of the Great Mother's
other children in these lands, send them here with your
seal, and they too will be welcome." Lao Fan steps back,
and gestures to Iorian.  "We will speak when you are
able."
 It's only now that I noti ce that the portrait of
Tiasol and her family is st ill in the gazebo, re-wrapped
in it's protective cover.
 The elf  drops to his hands and knees on the
floor and begins sketching symbols onto the
floorboards with Chalk. I can feel some of the
characteristic jolliness I've come to associate with the
San'ta in his voice. "If you'll all stand together in a
bunch..."    He's drawing a circle of magic glyphs
around us.
 Tako follows his progress with his eyes.  "Should
I be worried?"
 Iorian jerks his head. His voice becomes sharp,
impatient. "It's perfectly safe.  It's easier, and less
 386
power intensive to draw a circle around a group,
than to lift the veil for each one of you  individually."
 Maybe he's just really serious about his magical
work.
 As soon as he makes the last mark, the entire
circle of white chalk pulses with red and green light.
Something fizzles like a sparkler, and motes of red gold
and green twirl through the air like dust.
 "There, you can come now, and see our home. As
I said, it's perfectly safe."
 It's not until we step outside the Gazebo that I
realize how much the world has changed. We're still
standing in a dense forest, but in the distance there's a
tree that most certainly wasn't there before. No, to call
this... this... wonder a tree is to lionize trees everywhere.
It must be a quarter of a mi le away, and as big around
as a shopping center. To see it through dense bamboo is
to mistake this magnificent plant for a mountain wall.
To look up, and see thick branches beyond the bushy
greens of bamboo tops, is to experience a supernatural
wonder, a near religious ex perience. I suddenly think I
k n o w  w h a t  J a c k  m u s t  h a v e  f e l t  w h i l e  g a z i n g  u p  t h e
beanstalk.
 "Wow..." There are no other words.
 387
 Tako looks up, "I guess we can fly, since we
know where we're goin."
  Iorian says. "You may.  Meet me at the base of
Elenandrial and I will escort you. Before you enter, you
must understand our customs."
 Frobod is also looking up, taking in the sheer
size of the tree.  "Elenandrial...  I take it that's the tree?"
 Iorian purses his lips, but I don't think Frobod
notices. "Yes. We'll meet there, and discuss protocol."
He puts the stick of chalk back in his pocket, which is
replaced with a small pebble that looks a lot to me like a
recall stone.   Sure enough he disappears without a
word.
 Frobod looks to me with confusion in his face.
"Did I say something to offend him?"
 I giv e h im  m y  bes t "Hel l  if I kn ow ."  l ook, w h en
Lao Fan intervenes. "The Ke'bla are not like their
cousins. They have evolved culturally speaking. You
will learn when you arrive at the great tree."
 Frobod takes it all in stride. "Let's go then.  I can
almost see the logout button reappearing."
 I wave my middle finger in the air, shout
"INFERNO!!" and pump my fist. "Let's ride."
* * * * *
 388
 It's not nearly as hard as I thought it would
be to locate Iorian, because he's a bright green dot on
the minimap. Without that, we'd have been circling the
base of the great tree looking for anyone that seemed
elflike.
 Beside Iorian there's a thick red and white sign.

BE FREE WITHOUT QUESTION.

 I cock a brow.  "Is that because of the whole
slavery thing?"
 He bristles, and respon ds with a flat. "No."
Iorian frowns, and grudgingly amends. "Not entirely."
What happened to the ch eerful guy at Lao Fan's
introduction? "Take a moment to read the signs."
 I look around.  A few f eet away there's another
one on a post like a yard sign.

BE FREE AND ASK NO QUESTIONS.

 "You mean we're not supposed to ask
questions?" I slap myself in the forehead as soon as the
words leave my mouth. "Sorry."
 "It will be an adjustment, but this is our way. It's
quite invasive to speak as you describe.  It would be
 389
good to know if you lack understanding, or require
clarification."
 Tako's wearing a WTF expression on his face.
"You mean we can't even ask a question?  Like any
question, not just about the tree? What are we
supposed to say then?"
 He purses his lips. "We live a secretive life, and
to speak as you do is an invasion of a person's privacy.
Our speech patterns were at first an imperative to
m a i n t a i n  o u r  s e c r e c y .  A  g e a s .  S o  l o n g  a s  w e  d i d  n o t
speak as you do to othe rs, our concealment magic
would remain strong. It has evolved, over the last two
hundred years, into proper manners.  To even hear
other people speak in this way, is horribly offensive,
especially when directed at one of ours."
 "So..."I catch myself before I ask a question, and
think about how to phrase it. "I would like to be
corrected if when I say that by not asking questions of
others, the magic that hides your presence from Arctica
remains strong, I am speaking false."
 Now it's Iorian's turn to raise an eyebrow. "Your
learning. In time you will become more concise."
 Frobod nods, "I think I get it. No questions.  If
you have one, phrase it as a sentence. Righhh..." He
trails, seeming to realize that he's about to ask a
 390
question of confirmation. "..Right.... and wrong
speech patterns are...important to distinguish."
 Iorian's face softens. "I would agree with that
statement."
 Tako scoffs, "This is stupid."
 I switch to party chat. "Then shut up! Don't
endanger the quest!"
 Mirae puts a comforting hand on his arm.  "It's
not too hard.  Just copy what  he does." She clears her
throat. "It'd be good to know if we can see your great
tree, and meet Tiasol's family."
 Iorian, now breaks into a smile. "We can go now
if you promise to be well behaved.  I'd hate to eject you
for lack of courtesy."
 Mirae grins. "Easy peasey."
 There's a ring of mushrooms just beyond the
first sign, which Iorian gestures to.  "Please step into
the ring when you're ready."
 "Here goes nothing."  I step within the circle,
and begin floating, rising upward as if on a hidden
elevator.  In just a few secon ds I'm above the top of the
bamboo and.... "Whaaaaaaat?"
 I swear there was a large rock formation with a
cave entrance, just beyond the red and gold gate. I
know there was. I just saw it. Now I can see the gate
 391
well enough if I look closel y, but that is not a rock
formation. For one thing, it's purple and another...  I
trace what appears to be a giant wing sticking up from
the tops of the bamboo with my eyes. It looks kinda like
a space ship.  Not a flying saucer, more of an egg shape
attached to a pair of wings at odd angles. My mouth
drops as I see what appears to be signs of wreckage
from a third. An Egg at the center of... a tripod?  Space
pandas? In Haven? What is going on with this game?
 If that's true, where are all the laser guns, and ...
What the hell?
 I feel like we've stumbled across some kind of
game master island that was never meant to be
experienced by players.  "Were-Pandas from Outer
Space."  I shake my head, "That sounds like a worse
movie than Starpuncher."
 My ascent abruptly stops, and I'm floated
horizontally over to a large branch where I can stand
normally. It's more a platfo rm than a branch since it
measures at least twenty feet across.  I'm surprised to
note how flat it is. I wonder if the Ke'bla reshaped it
with fancy nature magic.
 Mirae shows up on the platform branch behind
me, followed by Frobod and Annette.
 392
 "Did any of you see anything weird on the
way up?"
 Mirae smiles, "Gorgeous view."
 I shake my head. "Not quite what I meant."
 Frobod shakes his head. "I didn't see anything."
 I lock eyes with Annett e, and she nods her head
in soundless communication. Okay... First rule of Goh
Tchu, we don't talk about Goh Tchu.
  Lilly's the next to appear on the platform
followed by Tako and Iorian.
 "Welcome to Elenandrial." Iorian smiles,
showing pride in his home.  "Please come."  He leads us
through a giant hollow in the side of the tree  big
enough to drive a couple of si de by side cars through.
This can't be natural, or rather without magic.   I t
opens into a sprawling marketplace filled with holiday
lights, though there's a distinct lack of other holiday
imagery... Wreaths, Christmas trees, etc.
 If the San'ta elves of Winterland could be
described as enthusiastic and curious, the Ke'bla gape
at us with expressions of utter shock. I'm coming to
believe that they haven't s een outsiders before that
weren't pandas. Of course, none ask questions. That'd
be magically prohibitive and rude.
 393
 More distinctive is that everywhere I go
smells of fresh baked cookies, though it's not consistent.
Enter the main door and it's chocolate chip, swing
around the corner and you've got cinnamon.  I want to
bottle the aroma and bring it back to Cupcake Keep.
 Another interesting note is that aside from
chairs, the Ke'bla don't seem to have furniture, or
rather, they do, but it's fixed in place, grown directly
from the floor, wall or ceiling. There're are no mundane
lanterns here with oil and fire.  All the illumination
comes from frosted glass mage lights casting warm
yellow brightness.
 "This is really impressive."
 Mirae says, "It's beautiful."
 "Do-"  I catch myself.  "I 'd like to know how this
all came to be.  I assume it's magic."
 Iorian nods. "We have tree singers. They sing to
Elenandrial to express our needs, and the great tree
provides."
 Mirae touches the wooden  wall with her hand.
"It's wonderful."
 Iorian, in a voice laced with warmth and pride,
says, "I'm glad you like it, cousin. This way."
 He leads us to a stairwe ll that leads higher into
the tree. In this place there's less hustle and bustle, a
 394
calmer atmosphere. "This is the first residential
chamber. Lord Rurodin and La dy Helsidol live at this
level." I note the use of the word at rather than on.
Suppose a tree doesn't exactly have floors, so the best
way to measure location within Elenandrial may be
height.
 "Here we are."  He knocks gently on a sturdy
metal door, and I wonder if wood ones would be
offensive to the tree.
 It opens immediately, as if Tiasol's mother had
been waiting right behind it. She smiles. "We've been
waiting."
 "News of our arrival precedes us."
 A deeper voice from within the home behind the
door says, "You're all anyone's talking about. We
haven't had visitors aside from the Goh Tchu..."  He
considers. "Ever."
 Well aren't we special?
 "W-... It would be nice to know of your
relationship with the Goh Tchu." I stumble.
 Helsidol steps aside, "Please come in."
 We enter. It's a small home, much like a large
studio apartment with a port hole window. The
furniture, as with the market seems to be grown
directly from the surface of the ground.  There's a
 395
dining table, a sitting area  with plush chairs, and a
large bed covered in some kind of thick feathered
mattress.
 Rurodin says, "The Goh Tchu and Ke'bla are
both outcasts, wanderers.  Far away from home. We
support each other out of mutual respect and the need
for survival."
 "Good to know." This an swer supports my wacky
spaceship idea. I pull Tiasol's portrait from my
inventory and prop it against the wall of the sitting area.
"A gift from your daughter."
 " I t ' d  d o  m e  w e l l ,  t o  k n o w  t h a t  s h e  i s  i n  g o o d
health."
 "She is."  I confirm, " ... and quite the skater."
 "Nuthin' compared to me..."  Lilly grumbles.
 I shush her.
 Rurodin looks to his wife, examining the covered
portrait. "I'd like to know if you're ready."
 She drifts closer after cl osing the door.  I can see
a bit of Tiasol in her mother's face. It's odd, because by
human standards they seem less than ten years apart.
" I  a m .  I  w o u l d  l i k e  t o  k n o w  i f  w e  h a v e  o u r  g u e s t s '
permission."
 396
 "It's your present, though I'm sure your
daughter's kicking herself for having not had time to
prepare more festive wrapping."
 Helsidol sighs, longingl y. "Winterland. I miss it
so."
 The father narrows his eyes a touch. "It'd be
good to know why there was a hurry."
 I shake my head. "For now enjoy this. We'll get
to that in a moment."
 I o n i a n  c l e a r s  h i s  t h r o a t .  " I  w o n d e r  i f  I ' m  s t i l l
needed here."
 I can see Tako's about to wave him off, so I
quickly interject. "Yes. After this, there are matters of
great import."
 Helsidol, smiles kindly.  "Please sit." He does,
atop a metal stool.
 Frobod says, "You can unwrap it now. There's no
need to wait on our behalf. We've already seen it."
 Tiasol's father, slowly reveals the canvas. Her
mother gasps, covering her mouth with her hand. I
wonder if that's a San'ta thing.  Even Rurodin is
choked with emotion. He sw allows hard.  His voice is
hoarse when he says. "I woul d be eternally grateful, if
you could confirm what this appears to be."
 397
 "Well, the woman, that's Tiasol. I'm sure you
recognize her."
 Helsidol murmurs something that sounds like.
"My beautiful baby."
 I continue, "The man is her husband."
 Helsidol smiles faintly, though her husband goes
ever slightly more rigid. I get the feeling, the skater's
staying behind was more than a little contentious
within the family. Even so, I can tell her father is
holding on with every breath for my next words.
 "And the boy is their son. She wanted me to give
this to you."
 His voice is weak. "I'm a grandfather."
 "We're grandparents."
 "Two thousand years and I never imagined. Who
c o u l d  h a v e  g u e s s e d .   I t  w o u l d  b e  g o o d  t o  k n o w  i f  I ' m
right in thinking the boy is twenty five or thirty."
 "Errr... I don't know."
 Rurodin laughs. "I don't need to find out from
you. Just look at him! Thirty five tops! I'm a
grandfather! I'm a grandfather!"
 He rushes to his wife, embraces her, and twirls
around the living room.  "Our Tiasol's had a son!"   He
clears his throat, trying to temper some of those
 398
emotions. "I guess that guy she ran off with wasn't
all bad."
 I would have guessed about ten. I hope that my
ensuing smile doesn't show how far out of my depth I
am. "I am curious to know, how common Ke'bla and
San'ta children are."
 He motions to Mirae. "You can learn from your
friend. Most elves are the same if they don't love with
humans."
 Helsidol admonishes. "Oh stop. She's given us a
great gift. I'd say between the San'ta and Ke'bla
combined, we see one every ..." she considers, "One or
two years. Sometimes as long as five."
 "Wow..."  I'm hit in the chest with the sudden
weight of Rei's tragedy, and I understand the reason for
an entire community full of festive mourning. Every
day, presents on the porch. Everyone doing their part
to support a broken mother and father.
 Rurodin says, "Come now, I didn't mean
anything by it. I just meant to say we're not so different
even if we live on an unplotable island, or in the North."
He collapses on the couch. "We will feast a week in
celebration, and you... short ears, Seakin, human and...
Green woman.. will be guests of honor!"
 399
 "Yeah..."  Frobod hedges. "Unfortunately we
don't have that much time."
 "You needn't leave so s oon! We adopt you as our
trusted friends and allies."
 Mirae looks at her feet. "The thing is..."
 I purse my lips, and then decide to just blurt it
out, "Your grandson might be in danger!"

Half-Truths
Manipulation + Subterfuge. Success!
Caliber of Success: 8
"Just hear what I want you to."

 The expression of joy drops off his face. "I must
know the meaning of your expression."
 Ionian inclines his head.
 I take a deep breath. "I know why you left
Arctica, it's happening again, and only you can save
him."
 A haunted expression creeps into Helsidol's face
as she whispers, "Great Uncle Winter..."
 "The monster."
 "He's already killed a child. A little girl named
Rei. A little younger than your grandson if I had to
guess."
 400

Heartstrings
Manipulation + Empathy. Success!
Caliber of Success: 4
"Would you like to hear my little violin?"

 "It would be good to know what you need."
 I look to the door. "Cookies. Lots of them. The
greatest cookies in all the la nd. It's the one thing that
can save him and restore the balance."
 Ionian frowns. "We've taken a vow of no contact.
We can't risk it."
 Rurodin says, "My gran dson's involved! That
makes him one of us."
 Ionian shakes his head.  "No. It's too dangerous.
You heard what she said, he's already fallen to the dark.
Going back is certain slavery."  His frown deepens, and
his voice goes quieter.  "I am sorry."
 "You don't need to make contact. If you bake
them here, we bring them when we return to
Winterland."
 Ionian's voice is grave. "This is a matter for
Ke'bla Council. It is not a decision I can make on my
own. This involves all of Elenandrial."
 401
 I look to Tiasol's fa ther. "We're going back
regardless. I'll be happy to bring a letter to Tiasol and
her family when we return."
 Rurodin stands. "I'll do you one better. I'm going
back with the cookies, to de liver them in person, and
meet my grandson."
 Helsidol says, "You can't!"
 Ionian says, "That's yet to be determined.
Cookies take resources, and bakers. It would seem you
expect everyone in the kitchen to quit their jobs, and
bake knowing that in so doing we'll all be exposed.
Exposed. Returned, and caught under the monster's
Thumb."
 He shakes his head no, "It's not every day you
get a chance to be a hero, but this is something I can do.
I'll bring those cookies back to Winterland if I have to
bake every last one of them myself."
 Ionian stands to meet Tiasol's father. "This is a
matter for Ke'bla Council."
 "Then go, and call and emergency session."
 Ionian seems at a loss for how to respond to that,
his mouth moves without ma king a sound. There's a
few false starts before finally , "I will." He moves to the
door.
 "Hurry!"
 402
 Ionian shuts the door behind him.
 Rurodin grumbles, "Coward. He's too..."
 Helsidol fills in the blanks. "There are some who
are paranoid about our secrecy. They wouldn't let us
leave the island if they had their way.  Others are more
tolerant. It's hard to say which way Ke'bla Council will
go."
 Frobod says, "I take it he's on the council."
 Rurodin nods. "Chairman."
 Helsidol stands, "Why don't you take a walk
around Elenandrial while we await their decision."
 I hope it doesn't take long.




 403



Chapter 18 - Sugar

 Tiasol's mum has decided to be our personal
guide. I'm sure for NPCs, Ke'bla cookies are the best
snacks ever, but for us... Let's just say they smell a lot
better than they taste. We're now standing on a balcony
overlooking the bamboo forest. We're so high I feel like
I'm looking on a city of long  grass and ants, whenever I
catch a glimpse of a panda. A bit of unsnow falls on my
hand, and I touch it too my tongue.  It is sweet.
 I'm about to say "Can I ask you a question?"  but
catch my tongue in the nick of time.  Instead it comes
out as "It'd be useful to know what this snow is."
 Lilly perks up. "Oh yeah ! With everything, the
forest and their mother ki llin' my monsters, family
deliveries, and trying to sa ve Christmas..." she pauses
 404
and looks to Helsidol, "Tha t's Winterfest to you, I
forgot to ask about this delicious weather phenomena."
 Helsidol startles. "Don't say that word. People
here will think you're a barbarian."
 "Sorry, Winterfest. For me and my people it's
always been Christmas, so it's hard to adapt."
 "Not that." Helsidol sounds scandalized, and
mouths the word 'ask.'
 "Oh right.  Sorry about that. Different strokes for
different folks, I guess."
 I try to redirect the topic. "It'd be good to know
where it comes from. We've never see it."
 At this Helsidol smiles. "I'll show you. It'd be
good to know if you're all interested."
 Mirae holds Tako's arm, "I think Tako and I are
going to tour the market."
 Frobod looks off in the distance. "I'm good to
stay here for a bit. It's a nice view and I'm thinking."
 Again, I have to catch my tongue to avoid a
question. "You must be thinking about your family."
 "Yeah, a lot of that. We'll probably go out for
pizza when I get back. I'm also kind of wondering
where I'll wake up, and if I've been evicted."
 "Ouch."  I pause. "I wonder if I've been evicted."
 405
 He holds his thumb and pointer finger
together. "Were this close. I can practically taste it.
Anyway, I'm staying here. You can go find out about the
snow if you want."
 Annette says, "I'll stay here too."
 "It looks like it's just us then.  Lilly and I would
like to come."
 Helsidol nods, and leads us off the balcony to yet
a higher level of the tree and another after that, and
then another.
 Lilly takes a deep breath. "I'm starting to get why
ya never see a fat elf."
 Finally we come upon yet another balcony with a
wizard in flowing brown and red robes, with a glowing
staff that he waves in the wind.  There's a lot of air
stirring up here, compared to the lower levels.
 "When we allied with the Goh Tchu we had to
give up snow, because they don't like the high elevation,
and prefer to stay near their home, which can't be
relocated. We live together, supporting each other."
 I nod. "Understood."
 "It was hard for a lot of us to live year after year
without snow. You've seen our homeland."
 "It's a bit different." Lilly confirms.
 406
 "This is our compromise. Once a year
throughout the month of Winterfest we create our own
snow, but not so cold as to offend our friends."
 "You're tellin' me this wonderful stuff is a spell."
 "It is."
 "Teach me!"
 I give Lilly a flat look.
 "Please, teach me... My husband would love this.
In fact, I think me comin' home with the know how of
how to work this magic, would give him the happiest
Winterfest eva."
 Helsidol smiles serenely. "It's been a long time
since I've had a direct hand in spreading holiday cheer
to anyone but my own family, and our closest friends. I
think I might like that, and after the joy you all have
brought to our family... Let's head to Magisters' Hall,
and see what we can do."
 Magisters' Hall is, of course, several levels down
which reaffirms Lilly's association with long stairs and
fit elven bodies.  They don't bother me because I've got
about a million stamina, but Lilly having gone up and
down so many flights is looking a bit flush.
 It's a big tree... cavern... for lack of a better word.
What do you call a hollow the size of a department
store?  It's packed from floor to high ceiling with all
 407
kinds of old books, that no doubt keep all the
Ke'bla's secret spells and baking recipes.
 A stuffy pointy eared man in a red and brown
robe says, "It's good to see you Lady Helsidol."
 "We need to copy a spell."
 "I assume you know which one."
 "Yes, we need the sugar snow incantation."
 He sits back in his seat. "I'm surprised to see you
interested in working the weather. You never struck me
as that kind of caster."
 She smiles. "It's always good to broaden your
horizons."
 I'm not quite sure if th e spell is forbidden to
outsiders or not, so I keep my mouth shut.
 "Yes... I can copy up to three circles. Anything
beyond that will require authorization from Ke'bla
Council."
 "I'll take all three to save future trips."
 "Yes, just a moment."
 He eyes me, and then Lilly for long seconds.  "It
would be good to know why you've brought visitors."
 "I'm giving a tour of Elenandrial until Ke'bla
Council has finished."
 "Yes."  He says sparing us another look. "Please,
a few moments."
 408
 The librarian stands and disappears into the
stacks.
 Helsidol smiles to both of us. "It won't be long,
he's quite efficient."
 I marvel at all the books on shelves that seem
more like natural formations than carved walls. "I
wonder if Elenandrial takes issue with you using trees
to make paper."
 "Elenandrial is protective of deciduous trees,
and the folk that live in them.  Dryads and the like. The
old tomes however predate our arrival, and she has
accepted them.  Newer tomes are made of bamboo
since we have so much of it."
 "That must be why your door is made out of
metal."
 She nods."Not all doors, but most residents
prefer metal because it's heavier and makes us feel
more private since it's thicker and harder to penetrate.
Other doors, such as those in shops are made of
bamboo, and others yet use simple curtains."
 Lilly looks at her oddly. "You don't worry about
theft."
 To my ears, that statement seems to tread a thin
line between question and statement, but Helsidol let's
it slide. Perhaps their etiquette relies more on grammar
 409
than tonality, or if they do consider tone, Tiasol's
mom is making an allowance for new comers.
  "No one amongst us steal. It's not in our nature."
 "That's hard for me to wrap my mind around."
 "The young sometimes borrow items without
asking, but it's not done with malicious or greedy intent.
Though Elenandrial is large, our population is small,
and we are long of years. This encourages us to take
care of one another as long lives make for long
memories."
 Lilly says, "I'm sure coming from the most
festive place in the world doesn't hurt either."
 Helsidol smiles, a bit sadly, longing. "It is our
culture."
 The librarian approaches with three sheets of
parchment in hand.  "Here you go.  Sugar Snow first
circle, second circle, and third circle."
 He passes them to Helsidol, who examines the
pages and passes them back. "Your calligraphy is lovely,
and diagrams masterful."
 The librarian beams under the praise. "I thank
you. He retreats to the front desk where he first greeted
us, where he rolls them each into separate tubes, and
seals them with his mark.
 410
 Helsidol passes him a few coins, and takes
the spells from him. "Have a wondrous day."
 I feel like I should reimburse her.
 As we depart, rounding a corner outside the
library, Helsidol passes the sc rolls to Lilly.  This makes
me think she wasn't necessari ly supposed to share this
secret.  Then a bell tolls and reverberates through the
tree.  "Attention all visitors and their hosts, please
assemble in the kitchens."
 I was skeptical at the sound of the bell, but the
words confirm that the announcement is some form of
amplifying magic. I recall the spell used during Lord
Zarentu's tourney, and trust that it's a variation of that.
 I look to Helsidol, "It seems that's us. It'd be
good to know the way to the kitchens."
 She smiles, less sad than her previous ones, "I'll
show you. I believe this is a good thing."
 Back up the half doze n twisting staircases
leading to Magisters' Hall, and another few above the
open market.
 Lilly pants. "You're killing me, but my athletics
skill just got a boost."
 Having been farther away than everyone else,
we're the last to arrive.  Tako, Mirae, Frobod, Annette,
and Rurodin all wait patiently.
 411
 Ionian greets us in front of a set of heavy
metal doors. His face is un settled.  "Ke'bla Council has
decided to aid you." Tiasol's  dad's face splits with a
triumphant grin. "We voted, and the motion passed by
only a small margin. Our chefs are aware of your plight,
and will bake the cookies you require."
 Rurodin beams. "That's good news."
 Ionian continues, "Furthermore. Any Ke'bla who
wish to return with you to Winterland will be allowed to
do so. The centuries have not dimmed all of our
memories, and for some nostalgia is unbearable. You
may not, however, under an y circumstances reveal our
location, the presence of the Goh Tchu, or Elenandrial.
I trust you will say something if you do not
understand."
 "Understood."
 Ionian gives us a curt nod. "I will introduce you
to our bakers."
 As if on cue, wide, heavy doors swing open
revealing countless baking stations and Ke'bla elves in
toque blanches standing at attention. A commanding
chef in a red coat rather than white paces before the
assembled bakers, hands behind his back, barking
militaristic shouts.
 412
 "It's been years. Centuries, but you are called
back to duty to serve the North. We are not slaves, but
saviors. The world needs us . Great Uncle Winter has
gone evil, and he needs your baking. Sugar cookies,
thin mints, fudge striped coconut, chocolate chip and
peanut butter. We need them all. You will be tired. You
will be frantic, and by frost you will bake the best
cookies of your entire lives.  Confirmation!"
 H u n d r e d s  o f  b a k e r s  a n s w e r  i n  u n i s o n .  " Y e s ,
chef!"
 "I didn't hear you!"
 I didn't think it was po ssible for so many voices
to grow louder, and yet they do. "Yes chef!"
 He gets in the face of a baker in the front line of
stations, and shouts. "You ARE going to redeem Great
Uncle Winter with your snicker doodles! Confirm!"
 There's a chorus. "Yes, chef!"
 He walks deeper into the room, and gets in to
the face of a small rosy cheeked woman with longer
than average ears and a cute nose. "You ARE going to
kick evil's ass with your macaroons! Confirm!"
 A chorus response. "Yes, chef!"
 "You ARE going to save Winterfest with your
gingerbread men! Confirm!"
 "Yes, chef!"
 413
 He drifts back to the front and faces the
assembled bakers. "Today, is a day for the histories. In
five thousand years, your children will sing your names.
It's time to put on your armor of powdered sugar, jelly,
and cream cheese frosting and send your confections to
war. The fate of Winterfest lies in these ovens and in
your hands. Bake, chefs! Bake!"
 He salutes the chefs, and the kitchen explodes
into a whirlwind of culinary motion. Every where I look
bakers blur about preparing dough, melted chocolate,
and readying their ingredients. They moved like cogs in
a perfectly efficient machine.
 I'm about to ask about using fire to bake in a
living tree, when a man rushes past with a wide push
cart, and a red sleeping baby dragon curled up in what
appears to be a dog bed. He wheels it to the ovens,
opens a small metal door to the side and on the ground.
He then pokes the creature's snout.
 The dragonette opens it's orange eyes, and
snorts a puff of smoke from it's nostrils. The Chef
tosses it a large green cookie, which the youngling
catches in its mouth. It lethargically climbs off the push
cart, and sticks it's head in the oven.
 FWOOOF!  Yellow flame glares around the
opening. Another baker opens the main door of the
 414
oven, where they place the cookies, and gives an
enthusiastic thumbs up. The chef with the push cart
drags the soft bed to the floor, which the little creature
curls up in and falls back to sleep.
 Helsidol must see me watching the process,
because she says, "There's no  danger to Elenandrial.
The ovens have magic to preserve and distribute the
heat."
 I nod, and hesitate, choosing my words to avoid
a question. "It'd be good to know when they will be
ready."
 "You'll have a sizeable stash by the end of the
night."  I nod.
 Rurodin claps me on the shoulder. "It's a
Winterfest miracle. Look at them all go."
 "I'm surprised you're not baking with them."
 He shakes his head. "I've another kitchen to
attend. Come. We'll prepare the Sea Sleigh."
 "Huh..."I'd been prepared to just put a few boxes
of cookies into my inventory and Thunder Bridge us
back to Arctica, but looking at the sheer size of this
operation I suspect the game has a different mode of
transport in mind, even though our inventories are
virtually endless. "To the Sea Sleigh then."
 415
 Iorian says, "Anyone who goes to Winterland
will be joining you shortly."



 416



Chapter 18 - Sea Sleigh

 Iorian and Rurodin lead me to a spell chamber
high in the tree, where he sketches an elliptical diagram
in chalk that fast becomes a portal. I can't see anything
on the other side, but th e surface shimmers with
swirling red and green magic. For now, it's just Rurodin
and our party, but the Chairman  assures me that
others will be soon to follow.
 "D-"  I stop myself.  "It' d be good to know if this
portal goes two ways."
 He nods. "I'll take it down when you depart."
 Tiasol's dad, looking excited, steps through. I
shrug, look to the rest of my group and follow.
 This would be the perfect opportunity to send us
off to a dungeon without an exit.
 417
 I step through swirling colors into darkness,
which Rurodin pierces with a light spell. It smells dusty,
and floorboards creek underfoot. "I hope we didn't just
get sent to the inside of a cell to starve to death."
 Rurodin laughs, "Think no such thing! This is
the right place. The Sea Slei gh is hidden, and needs to
be moved out of dry dock."
 Lilly, Frobod, Annette, Mirae and Tako file out
of the portal.
 Lilly waves a knife like a wand which casts
another light spell.
 Frobod squints at the magic, then looks out into
the darkness. Each spell only has a radius of about
twenty feet.  "It's so dark."
 "Dry dock." I try to sound like that makes perfect
sense.  I look to Rurodin, "I'd like to know if this thing
will still be sea worthy after five hundred or... however
many hundred years."
 "Of course it is! We're Ke'bla! At the time we
built it, we were San'ta, and It would be good to know
who you think built Great Uncle Winter's Sleigh,"
 "I'm going to go out on a limb and say Elves."
 "Exactly. We just need to break the locking
mechanism."
 Frobod says, "I want  to know where that is."
 418
 "This way."  He motions and walks toward
the front of the ship, or at least I assume it's the front
because the floorboards unde rfoot lay the direction we
are moving. He then drifts to the right where we come
upon a golden banister with a rope ladder attached.
 Tako eyes the ladder skeptically. "I always trust
my safety to ladders that are older than Jesus."
 The last time I did something like this, a pit of
rotting undead awaited me at the bottom. I sigh, and
look over the edge, knowing what's coming.  "I'll go first.
If I fall, I'm the most likely person to survive it."
  Tako smiles. "You're a champ."
 I hate the feeling of wo bbling in high places.  I
like the feeling of wobbling in high places over darkness
even less, but it seems Rurodin was right and the
ladder is safe.  Either it was brought here recently, it's
magical, or this is one of  those game inconsistencies
that you just have to let slide. My foot comes down on
solid ground.  That's a relief.  Better yet, so far,
nothing's trying to murder me.
 I cup my hands around my mouth like a
megaphone. "It's good."   The ladder shakes as Lilly,
with one of light sources comes down. With her descent,
I make out the boat's shiny red color. A few minutes
later everyone's on the ground, and Rurodin leads us to
 419
the front of the vehicle, where a strong metal loop in
the floor prevents two steel ch ains as big around as my
thigh from moving.
 Rurodin touches the eye protruding from the
stone floor.  "We just have to break this part, and the
container will open.
 Where's Leroy's hammer when you need it?
 "I've got a staff, those two use daggers, Annette's
an archer and he uses a sword.  It would be good to
know how you expect us to do that."
 " I  a l m o s t  f o r g o t . "  H e  walks off leaving us in
darkness, before returning with a monster
sledgehammer. "Use this."
  Mirae says, "I don't think I can even use that."
 I glance between our party members.  "Annette,
your claws can rend metal, but it'll take a lot of
scratching to break through th is.  It's not exactly like
ripping into the side of a car."
 Her voice is sharp when  she says. "You don't
need to explain that thin me tal is harder to rip than
thick metal to me."
    Right... She's still Rode kin. Don't annoy her.
Then I laugh.
 "What?" I can just imagine her rage meter rising.
 Rurodin grimaces.
 420
 "Nothing, it's not you.  I just had a funny
thought. Frobod you've got the most strength, so give it
a shot."
 I pull out my VT.

Melpomine: I was just thinking it'd be hilarious if we
wiped down here because I annoyed Annette. There's
not even a boss.

 CLANG!  That's an unpleasant sound.  CLANG!
CLANG!
 A little yellow bar, like a health meter appears
over the metal eye.  Every time Frobod swings it, it
drops a bit.  CLANG! CLANG!
 Lilly groans,. "This quest is gonna give me a
migraine."
 Just when I think I can't take it anymore. Clank.
Clank. Clank. Clank. Clank. Clank. Clank. Chains
running. Darkness is pierced by a red, orange and
yellow sunset. CRASH. We're near a pristine yellow
sand beach that greets us with the sound of gently
lapping waves. Two halves of a wooden box fall to the
Earth and despawn revealing a gigantic red sleigh the
size of a cruise ship. The only difference is that the
runners are only decorative, and the bottom would rest
 421
flat on the earth if not supported by float magic. As
it is, it hovers like a magnet pushing away from its
polarity twin.
 Rurodin smiles.  "Ahh... That's a sight.  Just
needs a little cleaning.  This  was actually one of Great
Uncle Winter's backup st orage sleighs before we
converted it to a ship."
 Mirae says.  "Santa.... Great Uncle Winter.. has
storage sleighs."
 He nods picking up on the question. "He
couldn't possibly fit all the toys for the whole world in
the one he rides in. Instead there are storage sleighs
with invisibility charms, th at allow him to reach into
his sack, and fetch the necessary presents  from inside.
It's magically more efficient than trying to portal all
these goods from the North Pole. We'd send these out
with him, hooked on to the back of the one you're used
to seeing like a train's caboose, only invisible."
 "So you made a flying slei gh into a boat to escape.
I'd like to know the logic behind that."
 "Oh, we thought of flying . A lot of us wanted to
snatch Great Uncle Winter's reindeer to make it happen,
but in the end we decided against it. We didn't know if
we could control them, or if they had a way of getting
back to him and telling him where we settled."
 422
 "Reindeer are needed to make a sleigh fly."
 He looks at me like I'd just made the most
obvious statement on the planet. "Of course. I thought
you'd know."
 Sounds from up above tell me that other elves
have arrived and are tidying up the ship.
 "You mentioned another kitchen."
 He motions to the ladder. "Let's go back up."
 On top, three or four blonde haired Ke'bla busily
swab the deck leaving sh iny amber paths in the
accumulated dust revealing the underlying floorboards.
Another elf propels  down the side like a mountain
climber with a giant squeegee while a mage hammers
the side of the sleigh with a magical jet of water.
 "They're really serious about this."
 "And efficient..." Mirae adds.
 "The nostalgia for home is no small thing. For
many it's been a source of long aching depression."
 "I'm surprised some of you haven't just left the
island to live in a more wintery environment."
 "Some have." He sighs.  "We call them Kel'rog,
the orphans.  They leave with no memory of the San'ta
and Ke'bla and make a life of their own. Oddly enough,
many have collected in urban environments, and have
 423
made a good business of mass producing breakfast
treats. It goes to show that baking is in our blood."
 "I understand that by leaving, you'll forget
everything on this island and Winterland."
 He shakes his head no . "We stopped clouding
minds a hundred and fifty years ago. It's held in reserve
for only those who choose to forget, or have committed
the most hennas crimes."
 "Murderers." Mirae says.
 "Worse.... Asking too many questions. Each one
weakens our defenses, and endangers both the Goh
Tchu and the Ke'bla."
 "The Goh Tchu do not have to watch their
speaking."
 "They have different ob ligations to their totem
spirits."
 Annette says, "Owl."
 Rurodin nods. "They must control the Rat Fiend
population, and occasionally leave ordinary rats out for
Owl's consumption. There are other spirits too, but Owl
is the one we know most about since the rats often like
to eat our treats, and the fiends occasionally try to
kidnap our citizens. It is an indirect benefit of Owl's
blessing. Our mixed children sometimes receive direct
blessings from the Goh Tchu spirits."
 424
 Blink.  I'm trying to imagine a child of mixed
Goh Tchu and Ke'bla heritage. How are they even
compatible?  "You have children with the Goh Tchu."
 Tako wears an expression caught between
disgust and amusement. "T hings just got furry, and
painful. Assuming the moms aren't all Goh Tchu
women."
 Rurodin looks puzzled, and then roars with
laughter. "Pwa ha ha! You don't know very much about
the Goh Tchu then. They can transform into panda
bears, and human women! Oh! By Frost. I can't believe
it, you must have had such an impression."
 Lilly exchanges a look with Tako and glances at
Annette, "We never saw any pandas, or humans walkin'
around."
 He chuckles. "The Goh Tchu simply prefer their
hybridized form. They say it takes too much effort to
s w i t c h  b a c k  a n d  f o r t h ,  a n d  i t ' s  h a r d e r  t o  c h e w  t h e i r
bamboo."
 Now I'm smirking.  "Imagine a were creature
that's too lazy to change forms."
 Rurodin's face grows serious. "They're good
people, and not weres. We know of weres.  We've seen
were bears, wolves, and snow rats. That is not them."
 425
 "I understand." I point to Annette with my
eyes. "She and I more than most. We have experience
with the kinds of creatures you describe. They aren't
what Havenfolk think of them."
 "Anyway, about the kitchen." He leads us to a
door set in a red wall that would ordinarily represent
the seat of the sleigh if view ing it from the side.  Inside
is a full kitchen with magical stove tops, a steel counter
on an island, and a wall full of ovens.  "There's magic in
the scent of baking, and I have a feeling you might need
it." A woman with a cleaning rag dips into the room
behind us and begins wiping down the counters. "It's
not enough just to bring Great Uncle Winter cookies.
You have to entice him to eat them."
 "I'd like to know why he wouldn't want to. They
look delicious."
 Rurodin shrugs. "It's just a safety precaution.
With the right magic, the scent of this kitchen will
reach from port all the wa y to Great Uncle Winter's
nostrils."
 Frobod looks around, then leans against the wall.
"This is all really great stuff, but I feel kinda useless.
Elves are preparing the boat, and the bakers are
making the cookies. Doubt I'd be much help there if I
 426
wanted. It'd be good to know if there's anything we
should be doing before we go."
 Rurodin thinks on that a moment, then says.
"Enjoy Elenandrial.  Get some rest before the journey
so you're not too tired."
* * * * *
 After waiting a while for rooms aboard Sea
Sleigh to be cleaned, we were escorted to a cozy
dormitory full of bunk beds. There was enough to sleep
about twelve people, but we didn't need so much space.
We slept.
 We're now all awake looking at a collection of
some one hundred elves gathered on deck with cookie
crates stacked as along the entire length of the Sea
Sleigh's deck, and I'm sure many more below.  Helsidol
stands with her husband as he addresses the gathered
elves.   The sun rises over the horizon and our boat's
bobbing in the water.
 "Tonight we return home, not to Elenandrial,
but to Winterland, our true home. I regret to say that
circumstances this year are not much brighter than
when we left, but we ha v e  t h e  p o w e r  t o  m a k e  a
difference. Great Uncle Winter has gone bad once again,
but these cookies have the power to bring him back. We
 427
will face him, and restore him to the light! I thank
you all for your dedicated efforts."
 A resounding cheer sounds.
 "Some of us have friends and cousins we haven't
seen in centuries. Some of us just miss the weather."
Scattered laughter. "I for one have a new grandson I've
yet to hold." The crowd erupts in a cheer, just as loud as
the first. Elven children ar e really big news. "A few
weeks at sea is a small price to pay to see my daughter
and grandson." Scattered murmurs of agreement.
 I clear my throat. "Actually... I don't mean to
contradict you Lord Rurodin."  I decide to use the
honorific since this is a public address. "... but you'll see
your grandson far sooner than that."
 His brow furrows, not in anger but confusion. "It
w o u l d  b e  g o o d  t o  k n o w  h o w  t h i s  i s  p o s s i b l e .  I  k n o w
how long it took for us to arrive here."
 "Ahh... Right... I might have left out a few
details." I can feel my face  flushing. "We have a pact
with Winter, who has offered to aid us in our quest to
redeem Great Uncle Winter.  Pa rt of that help is swift
transportation."
 "Lady Frost."  A note of wonder settles in his
voice, and a startled rumor sweeps through the
gathered elves.  "I don't know what to say."
 428
 I give him a forced smile to hide the
awkwardness. "Surprise." In retrospect, I probably
should have said something about the involvement of
their local deity... guardian spirit... whatever she is to
the San'ta. "If we're ready to go, Annette will help us
call her."
 More startled wisps of conversation.
 "She can't be serious."
 "It would be nice to know the meaning of this."
 "I wonder if it's true."
 "We'll get to meet Lady Frost."
 Rurodin swallows and lick s his lips. "We're ready.
"
 I wave my hand. "Make room."
 The elves jump back as if I'd hit them with a
spell. Annette kneels beside  me, and holds her hands
above her head like I taught her with her eyes closed. A
biting wind stirs, the spirit fades into view, impossibly
huge, like a monument; insubstantial. "Child of Rat."
 More than half the elves, including Helsidol and
Rurodin extend their index fingers and draw the
snowflake asterisk symbol, Rei's mother made. A few
drop to their knees and stare at the ship's deck.
 Oh my.
 429
 Annette takes a deep breath. "We're ready to
go back to Winterland. We have everything we need to
restore the balance, but no  means to arrive there
quickly."
 "It is so.  I honor our agreement. Restore the
balance, and I will guide you,  from then until you wish
it no more." Shocked sounds from everyone, reflecting
astonishment at Winter's trust in a human. The spirit
points an accusing finger at one of the Ke'bla that
actually spoke those words. "Stand."
 His face grows pale, and his bottom lip trembles.
"Goh Tchu are not human. They are kin. Rodekin are
not human. They are kin. You will honor them, and the
gifts they bring, for they are of the Earth Mother."
Winter touches Annette with her palm, like a woman
scratching the head of a cat. She's surrounded in a
glimmering aura of Winter's frosty blue essence.
 The Rodekin groans. as her features distort, and
her face grows hairy. "Ugh!" A rat tail pushes out of the
seat of her pants, as she becomes heads taller, and
human hands are replaced with wicked clawed paws
with opposable thumbs.  Her expression is painful to
watch as her flesh stretches to accommodate a larger,
furrier, inhuman skeleton. "She's pushing me into war
form! I can't control it!"
 430
 "When the balance is restored. She is
chosen." Winter extends her index finger to the elf who
complained about human, and hits him full in the face
with an icy blue blast. He falls unconscious to the deck.
"They must know you for what you are, as you are the
first of many. Our chosen will not be hunted."
 Annette lowers her eyes and bows her head, or at
least I think she does. It's hard to tell when they're solid
black. I get the feeling that she's been washed up in
something way bigger than she ever imagined.
 Although the sun's coming up, the world
darkens as if it decided to go back down again. The
shoreline becomes shadowy and indistinct, while a path
of ice reaches out far over the water beyond the eye can
see.
 Winter rises off the deck floating and gliding as
she does without any legs, showering snow flakes
beneath her. She examines Sea Sleigh while caressing
her chin with her thumb an d forefinger. "Does this
conveyance not move of it's own accord?"
 Rurodin has a false start before using his voice,
not daring to call the spirit on her lack of manners.
"Lady Frost... It's made for water, or snow, or air with
the proper beasts."
 431
 I nod, feeling more comfortable dealing with
the spirit than one who worships her. Unlike the elves, I
know that they can be weak, or powerful,  fickle,
generous, and human in their emotions if not their
understanding. "We used a similar transport to carry us
from near where we first met you, to Winterland."
 She floats back down to deck. "You, prism souled,
lend me your mind."
 What did she just call me?
 I look to either side of me to see if she's
addressing someone else in the party, but alas she's not.
I point at my chest as if to say, 'Who me?'
 "Melpomine of the yellow hair and short ears. I
sense the Rodekin and Arachnekin, and yet for now,
you are not kin. You change faces and being, as colors
split through a prism.  Lend me your mind."
 I guess that answers that question.
 "Okay..." I hesitate not sure where she's going
with this. She presses a frigid finger to my forehead,
causing my brain to lock up like I've chugged a two liter
slushy.  I clutch my forehead, not realizing she's
finished.
 Frobod grabs my arm. "Mel?"
 I whimper. "Brain freeze."
 432
 "Thank you." Lady Frost drifts to the front of
the boat, and raises her arms causing winds to stir up.
For over a minute, blizzard snow swarms the moonwalk
that's so thick it's impossible to see through. The newly
fallen snow rolls and collects into a mound of it's own
accord. It's now taking shape... a wolfish head, a sleek
body, big ears and a bushy tail of animated snow.
 Not a wolf.
 The snow creature wags its tail, and chatter-yips
in a way that reminds me of Bosko. Those direfoxes
were big, but this thing's the size of an office building.
 "This should serve for your transport."
 I don't know how, as I don't see any harness, but
when the big fox steps forw ard, it drags Sea Sleigh
behind. There's a jolt as everyone lurches to keep their
balance as we're hoisted out of the water, and onto the
slick moon walk.
 "Go, Child of Rat, and restore the balance."
 Winter fades like a ghost, and once we're on the
moonwalk the snow fox sits , waiting for instruction. I
think I know what to do.  I look to Mirae remembering
how she reacted to the dire foxes. "It'd be good to know
if you'd like to do the honors."
 She smiles, and skips to where Winter stood at
the bow of the ship.
 433
 "Mush!"  We lurch forw ard. "Hike!  Hike!"
 Acceleration Gs kick in, and the world around us
blurs.



 434



Chapter 19 - Bad Santa

 The end of the moonwalk's  up ahead, a luminous
pillar of light.
 W e  g l i d e  t o  a  r e s t  o n  t he bank of the lake with
colorful magic fish, and the San'ta skate. The air is brisk,
light, and refreshing. The su n was rising when we left
Taiwan, but in Arctica it's about to set. I would have
liked to have caught another glimpse of the snow fox,
but it vanished as soon as the Sleigh left the spirit world.
 T h e  K e ' b l a  g i v e  A n n e t t e  a  w i d e  b i r t h ,  s o m e
bowing low to show their sincerest respect. The rest are
quickly cracking open crate after crate of winter cookies,
scrambling to arrange them in a sugar rush, top deck,
buffet.
 435
 "It's time to find Great Uncle Winter." I open
the door to the kitchen, and am unsurprised to see
Rurodin making good progress on his baking.  He even
has a few helpers, Helsidol, and a man I don't know.
"It'd be helpful to know how to find Great Uncle
Winter."
 Tiasol's dad wipes his hands on his apron, and
hands his wife the mixing spoon. "I'll show you." We
follow him on to the deck, where he points to the top of
a high hill overlooking Winterland. "That's where he
lives and spends most of his time. You'll see a cottage,
and a special workshop. If he's in Winterland, that's
where he'll be."
 "Okay. It looks like our job is to go up there, and
convince him to follow us down here."
 A pretty round faced Elf woman with blonde hair
down to her butt hands us each a box of cookies. "Take
these. Maybe you can give him a taste and he'll follow."
 "Good idea." We each ta ke a box and stash them
in our inventories. I wave my finger at Great Uncle
Winter's hill and shout, "INFERNO!" When Big Red
makes it's roaring entrance, I pump my fist, and say,
"Let's ride." I buff up before mounting.
 Woooooooosh.  Thump- Bump. Thump-Bump. I
spin Bite around me, and embrace my inner Yin to cast
 436
my Flow Like Water defense. The chill of the spell
seeps into my bones.
 Now we're on our elechoppers, me on fire, Mirae
a n d  A n n e t t e  o n  e a r t h ,   T a k o  o n  w i n d ,  L i l l y  o n   w a t e r
and Frobod on ether. I switch to party chat. "The plan's
just to go there, knock on the door, agro and kite back
to the Sleigh, unless any of you have something better."
 Frobod says, "Sounds like good a plan as any.
This is a new boss."
 "Really?"
 Mirae says, "There's never been an evil Santa."
 Tako says, "We can wing it.  I'm not too worried
about a holiday boss."
 "Before we go... Re'amus gri atu protectus."
Mirae hands me one of her soap figurines.
 "Same as last time?"
 "That's the only useful one I can do. "
 "I appreciate it.  Okay everyone, move out!"
 I have a different feeling than you'd expect
gearing up for a boss. We're flying over the lake,
looking down on Winterland and its holiday lights.
Skaters twirl on the ice.  I see windows of cafes where I
know joyous elves are drinking hot cider and cocoa.
 There's none of the adrenaline I'm usually
pumped with after wading through a dungeon full of
 437
monsters, and happening across the big bad in the
final room.  The experience is... How can I explain it?
 This quest has pulled on my emotions in ways
that most others haven't, running me through holiday
joy, and family tragedy. I've witnessed heartfelt
reunions, and the unfette red joy of becoming a
g r a n d f a t h e r .  T o  p u t  i t  i n  o t h e r  w o r d s ,  t h e s e  p e o p l e ,
NPCs, blocks of code on Freehav en servers, feel real in
a way that makes them worth fi ghting for.  Not to win,
but to protect.
 Before Archangel? We fail, oh well. The village
dies. Wait for everything to respawn. Now? I hate to
lose a single one of them. Is that the point? What's the
end game here?  Not of the Winter Dungeonland quest,
but Freehaven Online.
 I can see Great Uncle Winter's Cottage. A demon
patrols. Dark, horned, red eyed and bat winged. CRACK!
It whips the back of a helpless elf.  He moans and falls
with hands and knees in the snow. The monster kicks
the pitiful man toward a building that I assume must be
the workshop.
 D o  t h e  p e o p l e  i n  t o w n   n o t  k n o w  w h a t ' s
happening here?
 "What do you want to do, kill the demon, or go
straight for the house."
 438
 Frobod frowns. "Demon."
 "Alright. Let's go."
 We drop down to the snow and dismount.  Our
opponent hasn't seen us.  I don't give him a chance.

Shadow Step (Rank 5) - Success!

 I whirl Bite, and crack him behind the knees.
Unfortunately his legs don't buckle.  He turns with an
ugly laugh.  I get my back to the workshop wall. "Puny
mortal."  He's got a gnarled face full of tusks and fangs.
 "Bite me."

Taunt. Successful.
San'ta Clawfiend attacks.

 I duck out of the way of his meaty clawed fist,
which crashes into the wall.
 Tako and Lilly appear behind him and deliver
simultaneous strikes.  Tako's  dagger goes in with a wet
'shick,' but Lilly's comes pack ed with an explosion that
sends bits of demonic gore flying into the snow.
 Now, no longer confident, the monster roars and
pummels me with a trio of lightning fast punches.  He
moves like a werewolf.
 439
 ＷHAM!
 The first splashes righ t through my Flow Like
Water defense. My flesh warp s around the fist so fast
that I'm not aware it's happening until it's already done.
Six resistance levels gone.  Damn! This thing hits like a
cement truck.
 WHAM!  The second blow lands, obliterating the
last of flow like water. My flesh begins to reshape, but
then gives way to regular damage.

San'ta Clawfiend hits you for 3 points of damage.
You resist 3 damage.

 WHAM!

San'ta Clawfiend hits you for 9 points of damage.
You resist 8 damage.

 An arrow sticks me in the breast, it pinches a
moment, I smell cherry blossoms,  and it no longer
hurts. My health creeps back to full.
  Okay, not like a truck.
 I'm just not used to gettin g hit on the first attack.
Frobod's running up the hill with his greatsword.
 440
 T a k o  a n d  L i l l y  b o t h  m a n a g e  e x t r a  s t a b s .
Clawfiend health: 70%
 The monster takes another swipe at me, this
time using claws.  I dip out of the way, and
counterattack with Bite sending a mild jolt of electricity
through its body.  There's no arcs of lightning this time,
because there are no other hostile targets for it to jump
to.
 Now Frobod's on him. The demon's attention is
still on me, so he takes a chance with a two handed
thrust with his sword. The monster jerks in response,
and staggers to the side. I hit him under the chin with
my weapon delivering an electric zap.
 Clawfiend health: 40%.
 It reaches for a pouch I hadn't noticed on its belt,
and withdraws a potion which he chugs in a single gulp.
 Clawfiend health: 50%
 Clawfiend health: 60%
 Clawfiend health: 70%
 "Regeneration potion!"
 Lilly sticks him with an other dagger that causes
unhealthy dark veins to wo rm around under his skin.
"Ain't demons supposed to regenerate on their own?"
 "How should I know? I've never fought one in
Haven!"
 441
 Whatever this guy's deal is, the potion's
helping him recover health super fast. He's almost up
to one hundred, before it  stops rising and begins
trickling down again.
 Lilly gives him another poke, causing more black
lines to crawl through his body like an ugly road map.
 "What is that?"
 The clawfiend raises his hand and swipes, before
it gets anywhere near me I slap his forearm with Bite,
zapping him. He unleashes a raw bellow. "Ughh!"
 "Recovery block! Don't leave home without it!"
 "Good work!"
 One of Mirae's green magic arrows, lands in his
chest, causing more grunts of protest and dropping our
opponent's health a little mo re. Frobod chop's with his
sword.  Lilly shrieks, "Stop!"
 Clawfiend health: 10%.
 "Hold DPS!"
 I dip out of the way of another attack. When he's
not using his super-speed trio punch, this guy is slow as
hell. I wonder if that ability comes at the cost of
exhaustion and slowed attacks.
 Lilly throws her dust in the air. It settles in the
circle and twelve pointed star formation.
 442
 The swirly stream of violet magic energy
connects their foreheads. Tako, Frobod and I vacate the
circle to let her do her thing.    I glance at Annette, the
only NPC to make sure sh e's not about to hit it,
thankfully her bow's not draw n and there's no sign of
her loosing an arrow.
 Lilly's circle fades, and the monster kneels. "I...
will serve."
 She cuts a rip in the air with her dagger and
points. "Then get the hell outta here!"
 "As you command." The clawfiend stands tiredly,
and exits through the opening, stepping up and into it
like he's going up on a ledge. The rip disappears.
 The goblin dances, waving her arms, and
shuffling her feet. "About fricking' time.  Who's still got
it?   That's right, it's me."
 I extend a hand to the cowering beaten elf.  I
hadn't noticed before, his feet are shackled. "We're
taking you home." He doesn't initially speak, but I can
sense his gratitude in the way he gulps and nods. "Is
this the workshop?"
 "Y-Y-Yes."
 "Alright. Stay here. We'r e gonna get everyone we
find back home." He nods, trembling. I look to Frobod.
"On the count of three we're gonna bust through the
 443
door. One..." I look around to make sure everyone's
ready. "Two... Three."
 I twist the handle to make sure it's not locked,
and then throw the door wide open so it cracks against
the wall. CRASH. The whole door rattles in its hinges.
 A workshop, filled with San'ta elves shackled to
their work stations greets me. They flinch at my arrival,
and I inwardly grimace. In retrospect,  that might not
have been the most compassionate entrance.
 At the far end of the room an obese man in a
jolly red suit gnaws on a juicy fat turkey leg.
Unfortunately, good humor neglects to extend past his
wardrobe because it fails to reach his eyes. Timid elves
affix a swirling green glow in the dark contraption to
his chest that looks like an upside down plate.
 His eyes lock on mine , and his hand moves to
put the leg down, until he pauses, moves it back to his
face for another bite, and discards it with a casual toss
on a table near the throne.
 "Oh! Ho ho ho!" I've never heard that laugh
sound so evil. "Visitors! Have you come to work in my
workshop?"
 "No." My voice is flat. "We've brought cookies."
In party chat I command, "Cookies. Out. Now."
 444
 He smiles with white teeth, but it doesn't
touch his eyes. With one hand, he picks up one of the
elves that are working on the magical gadget on his
chest. and throws her to the floor. She hits it with a
fleshy slap, but I think she's okay.
 "Did you now? They look delicious."
 "They are." I'm trying to  decide what to do. I
could walk over and hand them over, but if I do, I'm in
range of whatever he has for attacks, and by the look of
this place there could be a lot of collateral damage.
"Why don't you come get them?"
 He kicks the woman on the ground, she hadn't
yet risen, and motions to me. She stands quickly.
Cowed, staring at her feet.  I hand her the box when she
approaches and whisper, "It' ll be okay." Each of the
other party members gives he r their cookies, which she
brings to Great Uncle Winter . He sets them on a table
beside his turkey.
 I sigh. "So much for that idea."
 Tako grumbles. "Just get on with it."
 His hand flashes, and a throwing knife darts for
Great Uncle Winter's face.  The fat man's deceptively
fast when he jerks his head to the side, resulting in a
bloody gash to the cheek as opposed to a flying
lobotomy.
 445
 The fat man roars, "You dare! No toys for
you!"
 Tako sprints out the door.
 "Time to kite! Incoming! Clothies go!" Lilly,
Mirae and Annette run out followed by me and Frobod.
"Keep going!"
 The others are running, but I'm moving at a
casual jog, to be sure I'm the one Great Uncle Winter
comes for. He bursts out of the workshop howling, "I'll
turn your hearts to coal and hang them in your
stalkings!"
 "Not if you can't catc h us jiggle butt... fuzzy..
lumpkins!!"

Taunt. Successful.
Great Uncle Winter Attacks

 Awkward verbal taunt for the win.
 A piece of something  flies at me. I side step
aside just in time to see a half eaten turkey leg crash
into the snow. I guess he went back for one last bite.
 "Now to play with my new toys.  HO! HO! HO!"
 He presses his palm to the green contraption
stuck on his red suit like a big button.  For all I know
that's exactly what it is. Great uncle winter's  gloved
 446
hands and feet expand like balloons, and then the
rest of him starts growing, bigger and bigger until he
can step up and stand on his own house.
 "Santa's got enlargement!  Incoming."
 "Ho! Ho! Ho! Now it's my turn."
 H e  r u s h e s  a t  m e ,  k i c k i n g  u p  e n o u g h  s n o w  t o
cause an avalanche.    Fortunately the hill's not too
steep, and I'm running.

Slippery Slope - Balance. Success
Dexterity + Athletics
Caliber of Success: 12

 My feet slide in the snow, but  by the grace of my
freakishly high dex, I'm able to maintain my footing,
and slide down the slope like I'm on really crappy skis.
As soon as the slip and slide stops, I continue booking it
luring the boss toward the lake and the town. I'm
almost at the Winterland ga te.  A snowman tips his top
hat and says "Happy Winterfest!"
  Great Uncle Winter crushes him beneath his
imposing black boot.
 "Run!  Sorry in advance for the property
damage!"
 447
 San'ta elves scream, and scurry away from
the market street as Great Uncle Winter plows over the
welcome sign. Fortunately he only has eyes for me since
I'm the one that taunted. A few San'ta don't have the
sense to move as fast as their fellows. So I scream. "Go!
Go! Go!"
 An elf in a warm red coat and green scarf gets
knocked to his stomach by a black boot, but he's
thankfully quick enough to roll out of the way.
 Mirae hit's Great Uncle Winter in the thigh with
a green magic arrow. He doesn't notice. The man's an
unstoppable wall of festive red suit and flesh.
 "Keep going!" She's lingering up ahead on her
Elechopper. Hovering and loosing arrows. Annette's
not with her, instead, she seems to be riding with
Frobod and loosing arrows of her own.
 Lilly waves her daggers, and sends a blast of fire.
It crashes into his armpit leaving black scorch marks,
but no damage.
 Great Uncle Winter Health: 100%.
 I'm still running. It's a lot easier on well
maintained roads. "This isn' t a fight to the death keep
going!" I'm trying to remember the way to the lake. Just
before the residential district turn left... or was it right?
I look at the sign.
 448
 "HO HO HO!" a boot's coming down.  I dive
to evade, just in time to come up under the other foot.

Great Uncle Winter hits you for 27 damage.
You resist, 19 points of damage.

 My health bar plummets to 20%.
 "HO! HO! HO! Do you like my new toys. You're
caught beneath my missile toes!"
 "Missile what?"
 The end of a boot that just stomped me flips
open, revealing a five missile ballista which
immediately launches. The projectiles swirl with unholy
black and red magic.  The one on end curves straight up,
and rockets down at me.  I try to get out of the way.
 "Heat seeking ballist-" That's all I can get out
because it slams right through my chest.

Great Uncle Winter's Missi le Toe hits you for 17
damage.
You resist 14 points of damage.

 I'm waiting for the "You have died." Prompt and
t o  f i n d  m y s e l f  s t a n d i n g  a t  m y  c o r p s e ,  w h e n  a
notification fills my vision.
 449

 Would you like to use Effigy of Protection to
prevent your death?
Yes / No

 There's a count down 10... 9.... 8... 7... YES!
 I open my eyes. I've dropped all agro. Lilly and
Tako are down for the count, but the foot balisstas
seem to have missed Mirae and Frobod. Our dead party
members are still using party chat.
 "What the shit was that?"
 Lilly's dead, but she has a bit of humor in her
voice. "Didn't ya hear Missile Toes!"
 I groan, "Gotta love a boss with a sense of
humor."
 A grey comet streaks overhead, and a white
fletched arrow knocks me in the chest. "Owe!" the pain
disappears, as my health ri ses. Another one sticks in
me and another. "Owe! Owe!" It's not like getting hit by
something that's trying to kill you. It's more like getting
pinched real hard.
 My health is recovering.  I'm now at 60... 70%.
 "Annette! You're heals are like flying titty
twisters! Watch your aim!"
 450
 I reach to yank one of the projectiles from my
flesh, but it's already gone.  I hadn't noticed before, but
the healing arrows seem to disappear once they've
worked their magic.
 I'm now up to 80% health and ready to jump
back in the fight.
 I look around, Frantically trying to spot Great
Uncle Winter. I wave my middle finger. "INFERNO!!!"
He's already down by Frosty's.
 "Frobod, Annette, thanks for heals.  Mirae!
What's the boss doing?"
 "Chasing me."
 "Are you okay?"
 "I'm fine. He's got laser eyes by the way, but he
hasn't hit me. I'm high above him."
 "Everyone whose still aliv e, close on Sea Sleigh!"
I hit the gas, and rocket across the lake with a tongue of
fire creating steam and blowing out my exhaust.  I
swoop in for an intentional near miss. "I'm not dead yet!
I understand the confusion, th e eyes are the first to go
when you get old."
 451

Taunt. Successful.
Great Uncle Winter Attacks.

 A  g l o v e d  h a n d  t h a t ' s  a s  b i g  a s  m y  e n t i r e  r i d e
comes at me.  I dive just in the nick of time.

Drive skill increased by 1. Current level: 5
Specialization Unlocked:  Aerial Motor Vehicles

This specialization only works with magical cars,
trucks, and motorcycles, and cannot be applied to
vehicles that utilize the pilot skill.

 Frobod says, "Nice dodge."
 "Thanks, I just got a new specialization for it."
 Great Uncle Winter's looking around trying to
figure out where I went, when a whiff of heaven tickles
my senses. My mind knows it's cinnamon, but it
conjures memories of every good thing I've ever
smelled in a bake store. Bakery magic!
 For a moment, the boss is dazed too, as he
begins to sniff, looking more and more like an animal.
"Ho! Ho! Ho! Doesn't that smell inviting?"
 452
 I'm imagining all the Ke'bla aboard the Sea
Sleigh clutching their ears in horror.
 Bad Santa spots me, but only makes a half
hearted effort to swat me out of the way. It's easy to
dodge. At the same time, he begins to deflate, growing
smaller.
 "Looks like the batteries in his enlargement toy
ran out."
 He's almost at the Sleigh.
 An Elf Man, perhaps hoping the boss has already
been redeemed says "Great Uncle Winter.  It's so good
to..."
 Bad Santa backhands him across the face,
sending the elf a good eight feet before he hits the earth.
Mental note: Great Uncle Winter is crazy strong.
 "I smell cookies.  Where are they?  Let me have
some."
 Helsidol peeks over the edge of the Sea Sleigh's
top deck. Santa roars, "Wench! Bring me those cookies
or I'll make some from the crushed bones of  your
pointy eared spawn!"
 I call, "Stay there Helsidol! I'll bring the
cookies."
 I hit the gas, and launch toward the Sea Sleigh
with Frobod and Mirae in tow.  Up top, the make shift
 453
cookie buffet is even more ornate than we left it.  It's
a shame Great Uncle Winter can't get to it. I grab an
end plate display, and attempt to ride one handed.
Holding it up like a waiter.

Creative Balance
Dexterity + Athletics
Caliber of Success: 9

Distracted Driving
Dexterity + Drive (-1 Difficulty, Aerial Motor
Vehicles Specialization)
Caliber of Success: 3

 I ' v e  g o t  a  f i r m  h o l d  o n  m y  p l a t e ,  n o  n e e d  t o
worry about cookies falling into the snow. Mirae's not
so lucky as she attempts to mimic me and drops her
entire plate. I have to drop down slow and cautiously
on my bike however due to the low caliber of success on
my drive roll.
 "I've got your cookies."
 Great Uncle Winter rips off his black gloves
revealing gnarled claws in place of finger nails. I
mentally groan. Santa Claws.
 454
 I force calm into my voice, like the first time I
spoke to Cerberus, "I'm not going to attack you if you
don't attack me."
 "Just bring em here wench. Uncle's hungry."
 I sigh, and approach.  His greedy little fingers
pluck cookie after cookie off the plate, with one hand,
while he stuffs them in his mouth with the other. There
are now crumbs in his beard, and the plate's empty. His
eyes grow dangerous, and I'm pretty sure he's about to
hit me.
 To my surprise, he doesn't.
 "I WANT MORE!"
 "You heard the man!  Bring more cookies!
Make it a train! You pass the plates down, and I'll bring
them over.  Frobod, Annette, Mirae help me."
 Mirae shakes her head. "I think you can handle
this yourself. I'm going to go res my boyfriend."
 Lilly explodes in party chat, "What about me?"
 I also respond in pc. "I'll get you in a minute
after we know the boss is safe."
 A hand touches my shoulder from behind. I'm
pretty sure it's the baker wi th the macaroons. I smile at
her. "Your macaroons are gonna kick evil's ass."  She
returns the smile. I take the plate, and offer it to Great
Uncle Winter.
 455
 He gobbles them up in all of two seconds.
"More!  More!"
 Is it me, or are those claws getting shorter?
 Frobod drops to the ground and hops off his bike.
"I'll take it. Go get Lilly."
 "Lilly, I'm coming. Where did you die?"





 456



Chapter 20 - Rewards

 With Lilly back amongst the living without a res
penalty thanks to a player resurrection, our first item of
business is to free the shell shocked slaves in the special
workshop. We stop in town, pick up some clothes, and
return to the little house of Christmas horror, to care
for them.  A few of them wear expressions that make
me think they'll never be able to celebrate Winterfest
again. I don't know what to  say to them. I don't know
how to help them.
 Great Uncle Winter on the other hand is being
treated to a dusk until mid morning all you can eat
Ke'bla cookie buffet.
 I page through my quest log looking for the turn
in. "Let's take care of Winter first."
 457
 Tako shrugs. "Fine with me."
 We head to a quiet corner of the frozen lake,
where Annette, now in human form,  raises her hands,
and focuses on calling winter. Lady Frost appears in
less than a second. "Well done Child of Rat." She eyes
me contemplatively.  "And you Prism Souled." She
redirects her attention.  "Annette, Rodekin, Child of Rat,
I accept you as my chosen. I will guide you and teach
you, from now until you wish it no more."
 I whisper to Annette, "You have to accept the
bond. Tell her you accept, and promise to pay tribute
and honor her."
 Annette nods. "Lady Frost, Winter, I accept your
guidance. I will remember you while you sleep, and
honor you while you are awake, from now and until you
wish it no more."
 Winter frowns. "You are young. How will you
pay tribute?"
 "I..."
 "Remember my touch. When I slumber you
must consume ice before you sleep so that I may guide
you in your dreams. When I am awake, the moon is
dark, and the night is coldest you must leave me a
sacrifice by freezing it in water before you rest."
 Annette nods. "I will do it."
 458
 "It is done. Go now, and embrace my
teachings. Child of Rat, Daughter of Winter."

Quest Complete: Taming the Rage Babies
You've encountered Winter, a powerful nature spirit,
and have gained her favor. Teach Annette to gain
repute so that she may become one of her spirit
guides.

Completion:
Spirit Bond Formed   1/1

Report to Lord Zarentu at Dragonswood Keep to
claim your reward.

 "Now for the big one." Frobod's voice oozes with
anticipation.
 I check my quest log.

 459

Winter Dungeonland - Part 2
Difficulty:  Hard

Alvawynn has revealed to you the secret history of
the Ke'bla elves. Find them, retrieve a recipe to
restore great uncle winter, or convince them to
bake the greatest cookies in all the land, and bring
them back to Winterland.

Objectives:
Retrieve Recipe or Cookies  1/1
Return to Winterland   1/1
Redeem Great Uncle Winter  0/1

Chain Completion Rewards (Choose One):
- A unique evolving weapon (Legendary Potential)
- A unique evolving chest piece (Legendary
Potential)
- A unique evolving helm (Legendary Potential)
- A unique evolving spell (Legendary Potential)
- Logout re-enabled
 460

Additional Rewards (Limited Edition) (Choose One):
- Unlock Rebirthing as Ke'bla Elf
- Unlock Rebirthing as San'ta Elf
- Unlock Rebirthing as Kel'rog Elf

 "It looks like Great Uncle Winter hasn't been
redeemed yet."
 Frobod says, "Maybe we have to talk to him."
 Lilly nods. "Probably. Quests can be annoying
like that."
 We return to the top deck of the Sea Sleigh to
find Great Uncle Winter, rosy cheeked, and happy. He
pops a cookie in his mouth with fingers that look all too
human. Gone are the weapons that might have given
him the nick name Santa Claws. "Oh! Ho! Ho! Ho!
Happy Winterfest!" His voice is bright, and warm
enough to heat even the coldest of frozen hearts.
 "You seem to be feeling better."
 "Oh! Ho ho! I am, and these lovely people tell
me that I have you to thank for it." He puts down the
cookie plate and takes my hands in his, "Thank you
from the bottom of my heart. You've saved Winterfest."
 He goes to each person in the party and repeats
the gesture. "If only there was some way to thank you.
 461
Ah! But there is.  Go to th e workshop near my home
and enter the back room." He fishes a golden key on a
chain from around his neck. "There, you may take
a n y t h i n g  y o u  l i k e .  M y  d a r k e r  h a l f  h a d  a n  i n t e r e s t  i n
terrible, warlike things. This is not the way of the San'ta,
and it is not the way of Great Uncle Winter. You'd be
doing me a kindness by removing these creations from
Winterland."

Quest Complete: Winter Dungeonland - Part 2
Visit Great Uncle Winter's storeroom to claim your
reward.

 Frobod chokes up, and pinches his eyes shut,
clinching his copy of the key. "We're going home. I'll get
to see my family.  This can't be real"
 I offer a wan smile.  "Let's go to the workshop
and find out if it is."
* * * * *
 The shackles that held San'ta prisoners
despawned during our visit to the Sea Sleigh, as has the
red throne Evil Santa lounged in. The rest of the
workshop looks  about how you'd expect. Partially
completed toys and contraptions litter a large
workstations that stretches the length of the room, and
 462
hammers, pliers, mallets, and screw drivers hang
from pegs on the walls. In place of bad Santa's seat,
stands a heavy door I hadn't noticed. It seems just right
for golden keys.
 Frobod's all but dancing in anticipation, so I step
aside. "Why don't you do the honors.
 " T h a n k  y o u !  H e r e  g o e s  n o t h i n g . "  H e  e a s e s  h i s
key into the lock and twists.   CLICK.
 He pauses a moment, staring into nothing.
 Lilly says, "Hey! What is  it?  What's inside."
 Seconds pass with no re sponse, and then Frobod
turns with a golden phoenix medallion in his hand with
eyes of red ruby. "It's real."
 Lilly says, "What, did you use it?"
 Frobod shakes his head. "N o, not yet. It just says
Use: Log Out re-enabled."
 "Well whatta ya waitin' for? The suspense is
killin' me!"
 "Okay..." He breathes heavily, there are tears in
his eyes. "I'm just expecting this thing to disappear
somehow, so I want to hold on to it."
 "All the more reason to hurry up with it."
 "Okay."
 463
 The phoenix's eyes flash with a brief, but
intense fire, before the whole thing crumbles into ash in
his palms.
 "Shit!  I hope I didn't Ji nx it.  Frobod?  Ya still
here!"
 He nods silently.
 "Whaaat?"
 "Are you okay?"
 Mirae asks, "What's going on."
 "It worked. The button's clickable again. I think
it'll work. Mel! I think it'll work!"
 "I'm Justine, remember?"
 "Right.  Real names, because sometime that's
where I'm going to see you."
 "Awe. Ya big lug. Give me a hug." He puts his
plated arms around me, and it feels... nice.  "You can
DJ my waking up party."
 "Hey! What gives?"
 That's Lilly.  Frobod looks over. She's standing
in the door. "Sorry about the PDA."
 "Huh? Forget that, I want my reward!"
 Frobod, looking baffled, says "What do you
mean?  You step through, you get a prompt, and you
choose what you want. You didn't get it?"
 "I got it alright, but it says logout's unavailable!"
 464
 "Try closing the door and using your key. I
opened the door that time so maybe it's remembering
my choice."
 "Good thinkin'." She stic ks the key in the door,
twists, and throws it open. "What the fuck dude? I still
can't pick it! I got people to see too!"
 Frobod looks like he's staring down a semi truck
that's about to hit him. "I... I don't know what to say."
 "Lilly, step away from the door. Let me try. I
want to see the message."
 "Go for it."
 I step up to the door.

Quest Chain Completed: Winter Dungeonland
Choose your rewards:
- A unique evolving weapon (Legendary Potential)
- A unique evolving chest piece (Legendary
Potential)
- A unique evolving helm (Legendary Potential)
- A unique evolving spell (Legendary Potential)
- Logout re-enabled (unavailable)(?)
 465

Additional Rewards (Limited Edition) (Choose One):
- Unlock Rebirthing as Ke'bla Elf
- Unlock Rebirthing as San'ta Elf
- Unlock Rebirthing as Kel'rog Elf

 I choose the question mark, to pull up additional
information.

A player in your party has already claimed this
reward.

 I step away from the door. "Frobod drop party.
Gonna try this again."

Frobod has left the group.

 I step through the door.

 466

Quest Chain Completed: Winter Dungeonland
Choose your rewards:
- A unique evolving weapon (Legendary Potential)
- A unique evolving chest piece (Legendary
Potential)
- A unique evolving helm (Legendary Potential)
- A unique evolving spell (Legendary Potential)
- Logout re-enabled (unavailable)(?)

Additional Rewards (Limited Edition) (Choose One):
- Unlock Rebirthing as Ke'bla Elf
- Unlock Rebirthing as San'ta Elf
- Unlock Rebirthing as Kel'rog Elf

I choose the question mark.

This reward has already be en claimed by another
player.

 "Fuck... Guys?" I send Frobod another invite.

Frobod has joined your group.

 467
 There's an edge in Lilly's voice that wasn't
there before. "What is it?"
 I sigh. "Each reward can only be chosen one
time."
 I don't know what to f eel. Shocked? Lied to? This
whole quest turned out to be a lie for four out of every
five participants. What I don't feel is the soul crushing
despair Frobod'd have experienced if he hadn't gone
first. With tears leaking from my eyes, I realize that's
my Christmas miracle.
 I close my eyes. Hard until I can get my
emotions under control, and walk to the big guy I've
kind of liked these past few months. I throw my arms
around his armored self. "You're going to have to wait
for me a little longer." and then in a barely audible
voice, "I'm glad it was you."
 I wipe a tear from my face with the back of my
thumb.  "I've got to alert the others," and pull out my
VT to send out a guild notice.

WARNING: EACH WINTER DUNGEONLAND
REWARD CAN BE SELECTED ONE TIME

 I pause a moment, and send another.

 468
THAT MEANS EACH PERSON CAN CHOOSE
ONE SEPRATE THING.   THERE'S ONE LOG OUT
PER GROUP.

 Staring at the door in numb shock, the rest of us
select our loot.



 469



Epilogue - Home

 "I guess now this is family."
 Pehrom's prepared a delicious homecoming
meal. Honey ham, I'm in heaven. We're cleaning off the
last of our plates.
 "That's total bullshit with the log out though."
 Lilly sighs. "Look, I'm over it. I came back here
knowin' I may never get out." She wraps her arms
around her husband. "I got all the family I need right
here."
 "Still.  I'm sorry you ain't gettin' to see your folks.
What about you guys?"
 "I'll survive. To be honest, even if only one of us
was forced to stay in game, I'd have chosen my self. I'm
 470
the guild captain. This is my brother's place, and as
a dev, I can't help but feel somewhat responsible."
 I leave out the part about the little voice inside
that's no longer certain I want to leave.
 Tako shrugs. "We're back where we started. I'll
get out when they fix it."
 "Besides." Lilly smiles. "I'm a happy girl, epic
blades, and a helm that gives me a +5 bonus to taming,
and halves negotiation time. Do you realize what this
means? There's a 50% chance that people like you
won't get the chance murder my new summons!"
 I smile. "I'm glad your happy."
 "Plus five, and it's still evolving!  Do you realize
what this could mean?"
 "You'll pwn."
 "I already pwn! ... but I'll pwn harder."
 "Congratulations."
 Frobod stands, from the table. "Hey guys... I'd
love to stick around and keep talking but... I've got kids
to see."
 I nod. "I understand."
 "I just want to say...  Thanks. for everything. I
don't know what I'd have done if I hadn't found you. I
gotta say, someone was looking out for me when you
 471
were running around looking for peeps to go hunt
dragons."
 "Are you going to come back?"
 He hesitates. "I... I don't know. Mel, Justine, I
want to see you, but I'm afraid. I've got too much out
there to lose."
 I nod, sadly, biting the i n s i d e  o f  m y  l i p  t o  k e e p
from crying. "You've got the contact information for
Leroy's wife, right?"
 He nods. "He made me recite it a hundred times,
so I won't forget."
 "You've got Mirae's parents?"
 He nods.  "Everything."
 "Okay." The word is so final. "At least... Let me
walk you to the door."
 "Justine, you know I don' t actually have to go to
the door to leave."
 "Humor me."
 We pass into the hall outside the dining room
and into the antechamber,  speaking nothing, and
feeling everything. I stop in front of the great front
doors and look above me.
 "Mistletoe."
 "Really?"
 472
 I touch my finger to my lips. My heart's
beating fast.
 Frobod hesitates. "I -"
 "Shut up and kiss me."  I stand on my tip toes,
and touch my lips to his.
 He kisses back feverish ly, in a way that makes
my toes curl. I'm floaty. Hi s big hands pull me close to
his  body. I don't want it to stop, but he's slowing down.
 "Justine... I have to..."
 "Just do it.  I want to hold on to this until you
go."
 I can't see his reaction be cause my face is against
his chest. He kisses the top of my head as we stand
swaying. I enjoy is heat, his warmth. His dedication to
the ones he loves. I like feeling his bulk within my arms.
What would it feel like in the real world?
 We rock together until I feel him no more, and I
can mourn what might have been.

Frobod has gone offline.


The End
 473
 474
Coming Soon

 475
Coming Soon
